What is your creepy/paranormal experience that you can’t explain?
What is something you have witnessed but no one will believe?
what movies do you think have the craziest backstories?
What is something you do that you know is bad for you?
for me it's smelling sharpies lol
Indulge in my baser instincts. But I can't resist. They're like gravity.
what are baser instincts?
Where does someone go to ask for help with creating and marketing an invention without risk of theft?
For patenting it
What is the best vacation you’ve had?
Goodfellas ou Cassino which one is best for you?
What is cassino? A shoe brand I’m not familiar with?
It’s Goodfellas, but Casino is great too
What is your favorite shoe brand?
Whatever is cheap. Currently have a nice pair of sketchers.
Nice try advertisers
Vans
Hablokens
Shoenice
Danner. A little pricy, but very durable.
Swore by Skechers for most of my 20s. They make some solid shoes
A cloud appears above your head and a beam of light comes shining down on you! What's your next move?
Quit drugs
Call nasa that aliens are found
Take another hit
Retreat. I hate light.
I’ve seen Moonbeam cast enough in Baulders Gate to know to dodge it.
What do you think about when you’re too lazy to get up?
I will feel worse if I stay at home all day
Read
What is your favorite album?
Waka waka by shakira
norman fcking rockwell by lana del rey
faces by mac miller
I have a few
Replies aside, that is a really good question.
Impera by Ghost
What places on Reddit can someone self publish/promote a book, in progress or complete?
. Hopefully your book ad will be better than whoever else is advertsing here.
As a man, how do you communicate you would like more affection from your partner?
With your mouth, and words, and also by listening to the reasons why they may be resistant to giving it to you
I would like some affection
"I feel like we're drifting apart romantically and I'd like us both to put in more effort so we stay close."
Music lovers, what song would you recommend to someone needing to chill out?
No Ordinary Love - Sade
What are your thoughts on limerence and how do you overcome it?
Life is very difficult. Therapy is probably a good idea.
What Gen Z slang do you think will continue to be used into the future?
"bet"
“Bro” Gen Z seems to have taken a relatively harmless word and turned it into the fucking king of cringe. I’m so sick of being called bro it’s not even funny. Now here come all the generic nerds that are about to reply and call me bro.
Fair I'll die on this hill, but reply more than twice a day with this...and culling the wheat from the chaff is 'fair'
GOAT caught on quick.
I’ll start. I think ‘Fr’ has a chance, as it is clear, simple, and not overly obnoxious when used correctly.
Rizzler gyatt bruh skull emoji
Dude will always be superior.
Bud, you did that right
Fr
That's not gen z. People have said that before gen z even existed. It's African American vernacular.
Yesssssss
...what does it mean?
What if the sun was a big antenna what would you make out of it?
Tv
With color?
Yes
What Is The Most Asked Question on this Subreddit?
If you won the Lottery, what would you buy first? Top comment: That one thing that lawyer posted.
Redditors, have you ever sex'd a sex? If not, why?
Do you sex and if so, say all the things about it
Anything with the word sex in it.
If you could ask a historical figure one question etc etc
Pretty much anything you'd imagine a horny 13 year old with the social skills of a tea leaf would ask about sex, but with the grammar of a 3 year old.
If you win the lottery, what would you do… if you could talk to your younger self what would you say… those two questions pop up like 28 times a day.
What is something you love but everybody hates?
God
smal titties
eating food without condiments
I prefer Whiterun personally
Pineapple on pizza 🍕🍍🤤
Underground trains like new york or london. I love them no matter how dirty they are
Amen.
You need to write an unpopular opinion for this.
It is tasty
What’s a lie your parents told you? And how long did you believe it for?
babies were dropped off by angels till i was 12
-Illegal to turn on interior lights in car while driving -grandma told us that the canker sores you get on your tongue were “lie bumps” and only went away after you confessed. I believed these both till teenage years 🥴😂
Which hobbyist or aficionados are the biggest douchebags? What is it that?
Food and drink aficionados are massive douchebags because they have introduced a hierarchy into an entirely subjective area. If someone doesn't like seasoned food they aren't inferior. If someone doesn't like spice they aren't weaker. If someone doesn't like X cuisine they aren't culturally inferior
Wine people
Finance bros
Skiing
What animal would everyone underestimate if they fought it to the death?
A mosquito
Beavers. They chew through wood yo.
giraffes
Dog We get lulled into complacency being around them but their ferocity and speed when actually in kill mode is something else.
House cat
The mosquito isn't gonna kill you. Its if that mosquito is infected with something that will then eventually kill you after weeks or months
I touched a beaver's butt once.
In my experience wood doesn't move around much or fight back
It probably wasn't excited enough.
What random thing or situation makes you embarrassed?
when I have to ask for help at self-checkout
farting
Going into any empty store where there is just me and the clerk. Them bored just watching me
One random thing that might embarrass me is being caught in an awkward position while grooming
seeing someone i didn't expect to see
What could replace Youtube if it ceased to exist one day?
Quibi?
me
What’s your biggest “I shouldn’t have done that” moment?
did meth with sister. nobody believes me when i tell them what we did while under the influence but when i sobered up i was definitely saying ISHDT
I found a random syringe in a store and randomly was inspecting it when, in a fucking stupid attempt to pop off the lid, I stabbed my finger with the needle. Immediately felt all the blood leave my face.
I was trying to get to a rave in the middle of no where and the instructions were to jump over a wall but I jumped over the wrong wall and ended up in a hole in an abandoned factory. Trying to find a way out of a abandoned factory basement at night, drunk with a phone flash light was nerve wracking. Rave was good tho
sucking my sister's dad off under the table during dinner. Well it turns out that she and her mother had a problem with that, so I told her it was over on the spot and eloped with her father to a foreign country. That was 20 years ago and we're still happily married today
unfortunately. i definitely felt dirty and disgusted later on
Men, does it also happen to you that when you get up your friend is standing still?
Well, I also love to be unclear
Say again
I’ve read this 5 times and still don’t know what you are asking
Everyday
I understand you lol
Me too
What do you miss about the last year?
still having my best friend to talk to.
I missed the whole year, I just wish I could spend more time with my kids but this year will be different
Nothing really. It was a wasted year.
What are some things that will be omitted from history books in 150 years that are currently talked about in schools?
in the US... it will probably be slavery. They already talk about the Trail the Tears as something "positive" and the natives "wanted" to relocate to Oklahoma....smh
Biden's family being owned by Russian oligarchs.
What is your dream job?
Public speaker
Book seller
Horror writer/game dev
Anything that pays well and is below 8 hr a day, 5 days a week.
I don't dream of labor.
Stay-at-home perent with 4 children.
Drummer or something with nature.
What is the most inspiring Bible Verse?
Matthew 3:17 and behold, a voice from heaven said, “This is my beloved Son, with whom I am well pleased.” I love this because the Bible also tells us that when God sees His children He doesn’t see the broken, retched, and lost person that we are. No, He says that He only sees His son. And in this verse we get a direct quote on how He sees us. When God looks at you He doesn’t judge, He isn’t disappointed. He looks at us and says “THIS is MY child! I LOVE them! I am PLEASED with them.” And that gives me so much peace and joy.
Numbers 31:17-18 Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him. But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.
The Bible does not inspire it uses eternal torment as a punishment for being born in the wrong place thankfully it would appear to only be fictional
Really any proverbial wisdom. Be prudent, work hard, be nice, forgive others, show mercy, etc. Psalm 90:12 is hands down the most motivating just from a "don't waste your time" position. Teach us to number our days that we may apply our hearts to wisdom Ps 90:12
Hosea 2:2-4 KJV.
Use your wealth to make friends for yourself.
Ezekiel 23:20 - There she lusted after her lovers, whose genitals were like those of donkeys and whose emission was like that of horses. Honorable mention Isaiah 28:8 - All the tables are covered with vomit and there is not a spot without filth. (nice to use if you are asked to say grace before a meal)
[Serious] People who are monogamous, did you regret or are you satisfied with your decision? why?
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
Completely satisfied. I’ve never been interested in polygamy.
I’m satisfied, commitment to someone it’s discipline your mind and body, it’s a decision not always you are going to want to be only with your partner but is knowing your impulses don’t veo til you. Also it shows you how it’s your maturity and how much you have control of yourself
Being in a relationship with one person can be a PITA. People want to be in relationships with MORE?
Personally, I'm at peace with monogamy. It forces you to deal with the nitty-gritty of intimacy - communication, compromise, and sometimes, confrontation. Seeing those through with just one person can be an immense growth journey, and I think that's where its true value lies. Plus, the thought of juggling multiple relationships simultaneously seems unnecessarily complicated to me.
I'm monogamous it's not so much a "decision" as just how I feel in general.
There’s nothing more satisfying than being fully devoted someone and that person being fully devoted to you. I am fully my wife’s and my wife is fully mine. She’s the most beautiful person in the world (I am not exaggerating, shes got everything and she’s so kind too) and I can truly say that she would choose me over any person no matter what and vice versa. There’s a certain confidence that brings a person and it’s fantastic.
Control you
Which current young(ish) actors do you think will end up playing the ‘wise elder’ role when they are old?
Austin butler
What is the worst case of child abuse you ever heard about?
It's currently a developing story in my paper, and damn it's bad
when my mom took my ipad
Is it the one with the ex-youtube personality and her partner?
No, this Amber alert that found...well, horrible torture to the child, whose 2 siblings died the same night in a house fire
But I did watch that
What does Marcellus Wallace look like?
Sexy AF
A bitch
What?
He’s black, he’s bald.
The Kingpin from the Daredevil movie.
English, mother fucker! Do you speak it?
H-h-he's black and bald.
What makes you feel better no matter how down you are?
Music
Weed
Peanut Butter Jelly Time
Sleeping
Music, and a touch of someone who loves you
My husband
Knowing that there's at least some women getting to lead the life I wish I had. It's far better knowing some people are happy.
Seeing my daughters smily face
a sunny day and spending sometime outside in nature
Music & weed
Seeing that speeding motorcyclists died while driving like an asshole.
Writing
Playing drums usually helps.
My wife's laughter Bubblebaths Winning cars Early morning walks
Came here to say the same thing. Music is life.
8bit Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon exists btw.  Lol skip to 1:07 for best results
Everyone has her own fantasy and sexual preferences. Whats your desire and dark fantasy ?
Go jerk off to porn from pornhub, my man. Or go to /r/smuttypenpals or some shit. Good god, there are subreddits for this kind of roleplay type stuff.
Gang- by succubi and slowly bitten up and turned into one.
masked burglar breaks in and forces me to be his slut for the night
Nice n unique
Great..... roleplay
That's me!...
If u hv desires u should fulfill it
I'll get right on that.
What was your hardest battle to face in life?
Cancers
bad head allegations
My inner voice. I'm extremely mean to myself.
Really not having a good childhood seen a lot of messed up shit growing up and not having a mom or dad really.🥹🥹🥹🥹😢😢😢
Trump
Probably depression and eating disorders.
I’ll be the judge of that
Older men over 50, what is the motivation for living now?
I enjoy it.
Until Dawn Remake this yesr
Always look forward to something. Anything.
My children and grandchildren
Helping Others, Listening, Driving for Rideshare was a good way for a while. Giving Platelets to Red Cross.
I am anxiously waiting for season two of Peacemaker. Won’t give up living until I see it.
There's still so much porn to watch.
My father has told me before “I gotta outlive John, he can’t win.” John is his brother and they’re competitive about Everything! Career, financial independence, studies. They challenge each other in every aspect. It’s all in good faith!
What’s something only you know you do?
That thing. I fight so hard to keep it secret
Reddit
When did a seemingly wrong turn lead you to something amazing?
What are your best tips to get engagement on Reddit ?
Comment a lot
Post something relatable or controversial.
Pull out your boobs and post them.
why would you need that? advertisement? genuinely wondering
Controversy might break Reddit rules and get me out of eligibility for the Reddit Collaborator Program. I get your tips tho. Do you have any subs I should head to so I start posting relatable or controversial content ?
What is a good name for a race car?
lightning mcqueen
Frank
Heisenburrrnout.
Thunder lightning
Daydream Aura
Potoooooooo, or pot-8o
John. John is a dependable name.
What are the signs that a man only wants sex from you?
He’s a man, and he didn’t ask to get coffee or lunch with you weeks before
Disproportionate compliment to familiarity ratio.
It's one of the main things he keeps bringing up. Also doesn't really talk to you outside of sex
only texts at night
He wants to get you drunk. He tries to lead conversations in that direction or starts convos with a crude remark. He tries to initiate physical contact very early on. He tells you he doesn't want anything serious.
That depends do U only have 1 thing to offer him i.e. Sex or U are bringing more to the table.. Think about it.
He could be busy with work in Morning & evening 🌃 Time. So your answer is bad.
What can easily ruin a meal for you?
Unwashed produce and utensils. Someone talking and spittle flying
Pickles
Asparagus
Gross cheese.
Having to pay for it
Coriander (cilantro to Americans), fennel, star anise, anything licorice/aniseed-y, a sudden texture change (e.g. peas and carrots being in a mince and cheese pie that doesn't say there are vegies in it and you suddenly get a pea and it pops in your mouth omg vomit), undercooked onions (don't say caramalised if they're not. If I can feel them in my mouth when I chew you didn't caramalise anything!!).
A beetle crawling out of it.
hair in the food
A magnitude 4.3 earthquake :(
Cilantro
A bone
Hair in it
Mayo on or in anything.
Someone shitting themselves next to me
Usually my companion.
mushrooms
pink chicken
Your Mom loves getting a bone during a meal
Heyyyyyoooooooo
What invention was worked on relatively unknown until it came out and changed the world?
Steam engine. Heron of Alexandria from Roman Egypt knew about it. And thought it was a very cool toy. Upd: Also Neural Networks in the 60s 😅
What’s something you think that people are just pretending to enjoy?
Smoking
Grey's Anatomy
baseball
I can't believe people really enjoy drinking alcholol to binch drinking, then puking in the toilets afterwards.
Getting drunk.
Caviar
My company or mint ice cream.
TikTok. I'm just waiting for it to become cool to hate on it.
Getting up in the morning
most jobs
Candy Corn
work and career progression
Being fat / complimenting dad bods. It needs to die
It's absolutely a full time job I do not smoke, I did briefly in college 2X years ago, and many of my patients do. The amount of time to plan when to get cigarettes, how many you have left, knowing where you can smoke, planning your routes to smoke. Many of my patients say smoking takes a large portion of their day.
My uncle played in the big leagues so I went to games a lot as a kid. I only ever cared about the cotton candy and hot peanuts lol
But, and I don't support this for people, also can hold my liquor, drinking hard core is almost all I have
46 days sober, we don't enjoy it trust me
What’s a song that makes you feel weirdly unsettled?
president carter- lil wayne
For example, when I was a kid I felt so uncomfortable and weird when I heard the Macarena. Now, it’s Crimewave by Crystal Castles and HEALTH
Netherworld Shanty. That song makes my skin crawl
Creep by radiohead
What thing have you learned to appreciate from a member of the opposite sex?
Learning is individual. You learn things from people not genders.
I appreciate that. I can't get pregnant and I don't have to deal with the pain. I basically just have to drop a load off
What type of used car is good to buy for something that is reliable and cheap?
Honda Civic, Honda Accord, RAV4, Corolla
Civic, Corolla, Mazda 3
What was your routine on practicing driving and how soon did you take your driving test?
what's a line from a show or movie that you relate to?
"We're all part monster in the subconscious."
« My name is my name!!!! » Marlo Stanfield
"I've made a huge mistake"
"All right gang, lets all head back to the malt shop" Scooby doo
Frankly my dear, I don’t give a damn.
The mean reds are horrible. Suddenly you’re afraid, and you don’t know what you’re afraid of. Do you ever get that feeling?” Breakfast at Tiffany’s/Truman Capote
“Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.”
“Yeah, well, sometimes you just gotta cut a muthafucka”
I want my pig
"I wish I could but I don't want to."
'The truth will set you free' - The Shawshank Redemption
"It's just no use no use at all, there's nothing left to believe in" 1950 cinderella. I related to this as a kid as I would constantly breakdown in my room because of my dad.
I love me some scooby doo
What Subreddit Did You Recently Discover Is Awesome?
R/facepalm
How are teen dramas that include nudity and imitation underage intercourse not seen as cp?
The actors are adults.
it’s hella weird and it’s definitely fetish content for pedos but it’s not cp cause the actors aren’t children. i feel like this is obvious.
Nothing illegal about 30+ year olds pretending to be minors having sex, although it's creepy that people want to watch it.
I am embarrassed to ask but what does imitation intercourse mean? And is CP not character pairing in this context? Did OP mean imitate?
I ask this because I was interested in watching a show called Boarders on Tubi. The trailer looked decent, but it showed a snippet of two school students possible getting ready to have a lot of fun... It made me wonder why is sx shown in teen dramas? I know it happens in reality, but from my understanding of cp laws, even if an underage person has it, they still can be punished. I did a little digging, and people noted that the actors weren't underage but played the role of an underage consenting teen. It still bothers me a little because the story is portraying two underage school students. I looked into the demographic of Boarders, and Euphoria because I had it recommended to me by a friend. I recorded that for boarders, the age range between 18 to 34 and Euphoria (possibly) 25 to 54. Do people watch the scene knowing that it's fine because two adults are playing the role? Do it not cross any of our minds that we are watching imitation cp? Am I wrong for thinking this way?
What advice about fighting would you give to someone who has never been in a fight?
Don't get in fights. Use your words to settle things. Barring that, make sure the thumb is outside of your fingers and focus on really following through.
↓, ↘, → and then "punch" all in one smooth motion.
Kick like a mule and bite like a crocodile!
punch.
Never fight on concrete.
Try everything in your power not to get into a fight. Children fight. Adults either settle things with their words or remove themselves from the situation when violence seems imminent. The only reason to fight is when all other options have been exhausted and you need to defend yourself or someone else. And even then, the main focus should still be to get away as soon as possible.
The shoulders give away the punches. Protect yourself. Don't fight unless ya gotta
Throw your pocket sand in their eyes and then run
Do whatever it takes to not get in a fight. If it's forced on you, have friends near and don't fight fair.
Don’t get in a fight if you don’t know how to fight. Carry some mace to spray and get away from an assailant but only use it as an absolute last resort.
A coworker of mine always got on me for having my thumb inside my fist, instead of out.
Rotate your hips with the punch to put more force behind it. But before that, avoid the fight in the first place. It might only take a single punch to make you a murderer.
Duck and cover
Run
There's no such thing as a harmless brawl. If there are hard surfaces nearby someone can easily get concussed or worse if they go down. All it takes is an unlucky fall or someone with an unknown medical condition to turn "boys being boys" into a manslaughter charge.
Try talking it out and moving out of the way. Most people don't actually want to fight. Its all fun and games until you are both sore and poor the next day because you got hurt over something that didn't deserve a fight. Now your injured and missing work for what? A parking space or something lol no thanks.
Avoid getting in fights. No good comes from fighting another human being. I mean shit does happen that requires it, but avoiding it is the best path. Sometimes, people who are legitimately defending themselves end up arrested and / or sued.
If you aren't sure about how well you would do in a fight, it would be best to not find out in a real fight. Run. If you think you may need the skill, join BJJ or some other martial arts and spar a lot. Learn what it feels like to be hit and hit others. If you aren't going to prepare like that, then besides running away, the only advice I think matters is how to win, and a force multiplier gives you great odds. A firearm of course is a good tool, A knife, a stick, a car, anything that can overpower an attacker.
Maintain eye contact & always swing first!!!
Run!
That's why I named you Sue!
Good way to hurt yourself.
I gave you that awful name because I knew I wouldn't be there to help you along. So, I called him my dad and he called me his son! 😂. Love JC
What thing makes you relax immediately?
My boo thang Mary Jane
Music
Mary Jane hell yea... #2 giving a woman a massage...#3 sitting in a hot tub or jacuzzi tub #4 sex sex sex... lol
Music
Hot shower
Weed and alcohol.
Beer
Music and a gummy
Cartoons
Psilocybin
Preaccchhhh. Instant relief. My girl never disappoints
Came here to say this. Def upvote.
Do you have a 'comfort show/series'? If so, what is it?
Gumball Edit: yay thank you for the upvotes! It genuinely makes me happy that other people know/like this show too!
Modern Family
Family Guy. So many episodes and it’s something I can put on in the background
For me, it is definitely the office! I have watched it porbably half a dozen times
Monk (available on Amazon Prime and Netflix)
Andy Griffith, and the Monkees.
Family guy
Sex and the City
The Office
Pysch
podcasts
That 70s Show, The Office, It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia
The Wonder Years, old Spongebob, and oddly enough, Forensic Files.
Star Trek.
The Wire.... does that mean something is wrong with me
Big Bang Theory
Love that show
Such a great show
I have been wanting to watch that for a while! Where do you watch it?
Same I love family guy 22 seasons and I've seen basically every episode so I can put it on in the background and always know what's happening while doing other things.
Where do you watch it? I got a site that has a livestream of that show, among others
Thats my favourite! I always play it in the background
I love podcasts! Do you have a favourite?
Love that one!
I really like that one too!
TVNZ+! I am not sure if it is available only in New Zealand, but it has the whole series for free. There are ads though.
Well I use cytu.be which is ad free. It's a site for sharing content to watch with your friends together because it syncs up the playtime with everyone to make it like a livesteam. There's lots of public channels dedicated to specific shows, the office included. Do you want me to link it to you?
Thanks so much! It would be awesome if you have the link :)
What’s your favorite dead meme?
NEDM
Teolldad, with trollscience powered by magnets
That the rock birthed out a pebble. Hahahahahaha man I’m dying
Orly?
Bongo cat. Is that still alive?
Do you want to dance with me? Why won't anyone dance with me?
Planking, we pissed off quite a few of our high school teachers planking anything from the cafeteria tables to the teachers desk. But then some people had to go plank on top of buildings and fall to their death.
The black guy memes where he was the good guy. “I’m gonna jack your car….. up a bit so I can change the tire for you”
Any of the Mr. Krabs memes.
what did the fox say memes ussed to go hard ngl
what is the worst thing people said to you in your life?
that looks were all i had
One time I was sitting outside of Christmas tree shops on a wooden swing like bench and these young women (I think they were either teens or young adults) were walking past me and one of them said to the other one “that girl is fat”.
I have nothing mental left to give
My step dad told me I was nothing but a pathetic fuxking loser waste of life cokehead and my kids would be better off without me. He told me everyone talks and laughs about me behind my back and I’ll likely never accomplish anything because I was too stupid and lazy and never followed through with anything in my life there’s a lot more but you get the jist of it 🥲
What's something that your parents did or taught you that you are grateful for or want to emulate?
If your life is karmic retribution for wrongs you committed in a past life, what did you do in that past life?
I was probably a normal person.
I must have been a pretty okay person. Not too bad, but not too good either.
I was probably someone who pulled too many pranks.
Couldn’t have been anything too bad, I have a pretty great life and generally good luck
Hmmm...I think I probably cried a lot or maybe emotionally dumped on people. I have sjogrins which attacks my moisture producing glands. These sweet sandy eyes don't feel moisture unless I'm in the shower or using eye drops. Tears on this go around...not gonna happen.
What was the longest dry spell you had (say if you are male or female)?
TF, uh... six'ish years now?
How long ago was 2015? A minute, right?
Female- going on 2 - 2.5 years
Why is this question rephrased 15 times a day?
Why so miserable? Husband left you after you had your son?
What show from your childhood made you funny?
Drake and Josh
I'm pretty sure it was the trauma
Ren and Stimpy
Impractical Jokers.
What do you enjoy about gaming most?
Escaping from reality.
Designing a character.
I like competitive games but I have a soft spot for really immersive open world games. I just like exploring and making up stories in my head as I travel through the worlds. Takes me back to my childhood before smart phones and before I played video games when I would play out whole plot lines with my action figures.
time goes faster
beating people
Winning
escape, completing and achieving. mental focus and the shit talking on comms chat warzone
What fast food restaurants/cheap grocery store brands taste like absolute shit but you are forced to credit for getting you through tough financial times?
mcdonalds
and walmart
I ate quaker oatmeal packets for like 6 months straight
Cookout in North Carolina and a few other southeastern states. It used to be a go to for me for $5 I could get so many different combinations of food. The food kinda sucks though and I can’t get anyone else to agree with me on that. Also that same $5 is $8 just 5 years later.
What are some cool and fun subreddits to explore reading stories of people lives or anything entertaining?
NSFW hahaha
hmmm. Dont think I know any.
If you like drama, r/relationships r/relationshipadvice r/AITAH
What would be the perfect day for you?
On the beach tanning with a drink in my hand and a full bank account
I feel or find mild happiness
At the beach, under the tree, chilling with my friends
Go out explore the city drinking ice coffee stopping by the park reading my book getting something to eat it outside and then getting some ice cream.❤️😊❤️😊
Me not waking up.
Wake up. Go for a walk and get high. Get a nice breakfast. Go for a long hike and get more high. Get home and shower. Maybe a nap. Wake up and have a nice dinner. Some drinks and more weed. At the end of the night I put a bullet in my skull
What would you drink?😂
Hope you ll find that day soon buddy
That sounds great
Ohh, thats would be a great day
Sleeping is always good thing to do😂
Oh, no, it happens. That's just my litmus test. Thankful for the concern however
Thank you 😊 ❤️😊❤️😊
If you collected rae Dunn, can you explain why it is so popular?
A while ago, here, someone asked what giant particle accelerators do. One answer was "It does what it says on the tin: it accelerates particles." What I want to know is, who makes the tins that every weird thing seems to come in?
Some people
Why has Rihanna sold more records and had more fame than Beyonće globally?
She has a bigger butt
Shameless duets / collabs
Rihanna became popular along side music streaming which is factored in to record sales. Not to take anything away from her because she's clearly in a class of her own just like any other great pop stars, but there's a huge difference between pretty much anybody being able to stream your music instantly and having to go out and buy a physical album, or even a digital copy from iTunes.
Naturally? Yes; but Beyonće has a BBL now so TECHNICALLY Beyonće's is bigger
Rihanna debuted in 05, way before streaming tho, majority were still buying Albums in 05
Streaming was popular by 2010 which was only a couple years after huge songs like Shut Up and Drive, Don’t Stop the Music, Disturbia, and was current with songs like Rude Boy, Only Girl in the World, S&M, We Found Love, Diamonds… the list really does go on. Meanwhile Beyoncé came out of Destinys Child right around the millennium. It’s only a few years difference but those few years were worlds apart as far as how people consumed music goes.
Which pizza company actually tastes really good that you can pay for a cheap price?
Costco
Abbey’s is probably the best of the cheap chains
I’m a fan of Hunt Brothers, I don’t think they charge more per topping, could be wrong.
What is/are the thing/s that happened to you that make you realize the truth of the saying : "don't take anything for granted"?
My father's death reminded me that no one has eternal life.
Who would you be solely based on who you follow on insta ?
Nobody
A world traveling dad who likes to tell bad dad jokes.
A meme
I guess I wouldn’t exist.
Lol imagine basing your identify on some online platform
First time a girl asked me my instagram I thought she needed a gram of coke but i just did not understand her slang
I would not exist
What was the reason for your crying last time?
My boyfriend called me ugly
I hurt my pinkie toe
I felt so overwhelmed.
A 21 year obligation that I acknowledged to extend another 46 years. A few years ago.
no youtube w my meal
I thought about my cats dying one day
I fell and severely hurt myself.
I rewatched the original "Shogun" yesterday because the remake was unsatisfying. So much nostalgic crying.
My dog died… that was an ugly cry next to her body. My wife joined me…
I haven’t cried in a while, I take adderall for ADHD and it has made me emotionless at times. But the other night my 2 year old said to me “daddy my superhero” I teared up instantly.
What social media app do you use the most and why?
Reddit. I'm trying to find a way to convert Karma to money. Right now I'm halfway to five thousand karma (dollars).
snapchat cause thats how i text all the homies
If reddit is social media then reddit. Otherwise, LinkedIn, which is roughly once every other year.
Snapchat to talk to my best friend & lately it’s been Reddit too.
Reddit is the only one I use.
Wait you can do that?
Is there something that you though was different from how it actually is? If yes, what?
Adulthud.
sex
America.
All of us
How so?
Elaborate, how did you expect it to be?
Never been in America, but from what I've heard of friends, it's kinda disappointing
What was the worst drug trip you ever had?
5 grams of mushies had me thinkin my plants were freestyling
LSD was the best and worst.
3 g of shrooms, I start to seeing demons everywhere and they will follow me telling me that hell is waiting for me. I don’t know how the fuck, but when the trip started I end up in the work of shadows, and everything I went through I thought I was in another realm, I got out of there because I saw a tree that wasn’t a shadow I touch it and slowly I return to the lights realm. It was really intense, but that’s the only time after that experience I have done it a lot of times and all good. Not crazy or anything like that
Shroomies. At first I was so happy that I was crying tears of joy. Then it all went south… I started questioning what made me who I am and that turned into an existential crisis. Didn’t help that the person I was with put me to bed in a dark room and just left me alone so I was spiraling for awhile
tried meth with my sister at a family friend's cottage. she was 22, I was 24. both of our first time doing it, we were alone, and were unaware of the side effects. so for about 4 out of the 10 days we were there we did unspeakable things, some of which was documented...
7 grams of shrooms only made me weep from how green the grass was on the British baking show. But 3 grams sent me into a bad trip for hours. Literal hell. After the comedown I felt like I was given a second chance on life
My boyfriend did shrooms for the first time and took 7g…. He ended up filling an entire hefty trash bag with puke 🤢
4 potent tabs of acid on an empty stomach/drunk in a fully packed night club in Tokyo. Its a miracle that i made it out somewhat intact.
I've had many crazy trips with acid and shrooms but tbh the worst drug trip I ever had was when I took about 40 pure dxm(the stuff in your cough syrup) pills. I passed out and woke up 3 hours later just throwing up and unable to remember my name. I remember just looking into the mirror and screaming over and over again "what's my name". Kinda hard to explain how it felt but it was soooo scary. I also took a shitlosd of suboxone one time and didn't know how to dose it and spent the next 2 days so dizzy I couldn't walk throwing up every couple hours until I had lost significant amounts of weight in a 2 day period. I also have an infinite number of ambien story's that make it clear that I'm blessed to be alive at this point.
Morphine in ICU, and extended release Ritalin at home. Used as prescribed 🙀wtf.
'worst' in the context of 'only' and it happened just recently. It wasnt bad, but man is it fucking funny. So in the state I live in, weed isnt legal. So every now and then, me and my two brother in laws go to another state to 'enjoy ourselves.' We have a few spots we like to go to after buying some stuff. During this car ride I end up two joints, and two and a half cookies in. Pretty up there by now. Well we pull up to a cigar bar and my brohter in law just straight up grabs the back of my head and says 'just inhale, dont make it weird.' and shotguns me with some Indica. NO idea what was happening so I just went with it. So you know when you get to that level of high where you're like 'okay. Time to stop moving.' I hit that about halfway through this cigar. We're sitting on a closed in patio they have. I'm on a couch when this happens. I just set my cigar down in the ashtray... and fuggin WENT PLACES. I went to colors... there was a dragon at some point... And at one point I straight up hallucinated a robot hand coming out of the wall and grabbing a pipe. That hand vanished a few minutes later. This felt like maybe 45 minutes for me... 3 HOURS. My brother in laws knew what was up so they just let me cook. After a while though we pay our tab and leave. They take me home and just at the end of all of it I sent them a nice little text that just said 'Thank you.'
I smoked spice when I was 16 and I had a trip where I thought I died and spoke to God lmao. I was terrified.
Why you didn’t start freestyling with them? That would it be my move
That actually sounds pretty lit
Yep. Pretty much every trip. Things get sticky in the late innings.
Yup. When it's good you're in absolute heaven for hours, but when it's bad it sends you straight to hell. I had some amazing times with the stuff, but my last bad trip almost broke me. Never touching that shit again.
I send u a hug!
r/holup
Meth. If you’re gonna do it, document it.
That's the thing with shrooms. I did a 7 gram trip that just had me and the homie vibe but then I've had 2 gram trips where I'm crying and think I'm gonna die.
speech was hard at the time lmaoo
i mean we took pics and videos of us doing other things, not doing the drug itself
She’s always a wild ride
I kid
[Serious] why did you get fired?
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
Downsized after twenty years. No reason at all. This is what happens when you don't have a union.
Showed up hungover 3 hours late at my first job in a grocery store, two weeks after they hired me back after I walked out a month before. I did not give a damn at 18. Wish I had.
I wasn’t doing my job well.
It also happens with unions.
Is that getting fired? That seems more like getting let go, which is different.
Eh. Semantics.
If you could change TWO things about the world, what would they be?
My lifespan and my wife's lifespan.
Free education and free healthcare
1. No more cancer. 2. Crunchy taco shells wouldn’t get soggy so quickly.
great answer !
Whats a great website to meet people to chat with?
Not reddit
doesnt exist you will be scammed or trolled one way or another
The real answer.
What's your favorite way to prepare popcorn?
If you use butter you can put in any random spice in your cupboard for why does this taste good. I did actually put vinegar on the kernels and this garlic extract on the butter. And it was amazing. They asked for more and I was like that was lightning in a bottle bullshit let's finish watching Star Wars Solo movie because I ain't making that shit work again .
In the microwave with either chipotle seasoning or truffle salt
It all depends haha. 🍿 Here’s 3 different ways I like on my popcorn: 1. Not too little - not too much butter with salt. 2. Chocolate sauce drizzle w/ m&m’s. 3. Marukiyo Kakidane Arare Rice Crackers with furikake.
The regular way lol
Babe! Make me some popcorn!
Any preparation - air popped or in a pan are both good but the trick is using that orange powdery salt to get the classic popcorn flavor and texture
nods knowingly Stir fried on the belly of a dragon. So glad Redditors are in the know.
There's a salt for that and no one told me!? Son of a-
Where is your most wanted place to travel to ?
Bali, Thailand etc
Japan. I want to have sushi from an authentic Japan restaurant.
definitely space! kind of a curveball answer but yes !
Bali
would love to see the swiss alps
Tunisia.
Japan. For the food, the infrastructure and the cherry blossoms.
Australia
Tahiti
Nova Scotia. Just Canada in general
Iceland - to experience the unparalleled landscapes, the Northern Lights, and to take a dive between tectonic plates!
South America!
Australia / NZ
Northern Ireland.
it is really a special place
its a special place, highly recommend
I hope to experience it one day.
What do you do if your toxic workplace is tolerable that nothing is being done about it?
A workplace, in my eyes, cannot be both tolerable and toxic. Either the work place is toxic, therefore I should look for a different job. Or the workplace has some issues but is tolerable. A workplace with some issues but not toxic issues is not toxic. However, if I cannot tolerate those issues I should leave the job. If nothing is being done, then you need to document-document-documebt. You document everything you might need to cover your own ass, while you're looking for a new job, and that you can turn into HR on high if needed.
If i follow your English correctly, you need to find another job.
You resign, and find a better place to work
(Serious) what's that must watch movie on Netflix?
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
definitely cam (2018). it's an american horror film about a camgirl and truly one of the more unique stuff to come out in netflix i think.
The Perfection - read nothing, just put it on. It's a great go-in-blind movie.
God's Crooked Lines
Everything Everywhere All At Once, go in blind
What is your "fine, I'll do it myself" ahh moment?
When they don't clean the house the right way
when they nut too soon
For some reason when I was younger I wanted to meet somebody my age who made cool things in the game I played. but since I was too lazy to make any new friends I decided i'll make cool stuff in the game.
When nobody wanted to cook so I had to do it.
What's the best way to get your life together?
honestly whenever i get back into a good workout routine everything else seems to flow together at the same time
I would tell you if I knew other than focus on yourself. And the person you can rely on the most is you. Start soon with anything at all that you’re planning to do and if it feels right go for it.
Be financial literate and responsible.
Atomic habits - james clear. great book to help.
For the bold: Completely burn it to the ground. Uproot all the bridges, and salt the earth so nothing grows. Make rock bottom 7 layers up.
Exercise, it’s like drugs, your brain just gives you a lot of endorphins and you fill awesome all day
Planning ahead and successfully troubleshooting when things don’t go smoothly.
My dad always said to me when my life was a mess, he'd say you know how to get out of a hole? Stop digging!
Develop healthy habits, and write down your goals. Be intentional with your time and energy and who you have in your space.
Have you made an embarrassing YouTube channel? If so, what was an embarrassing video you made?
Me and my friend did a try not to laugh challenge but with white tees on
I have a YouTube channel from 12 years ago and it’s pretty cringe. Our first video was me and my buddy walking around the high school recording videos of people without saying anything. Creepy am I right, but we thought it was comedy gold.
What is something you irrationally dislike?
mushroom. why we eating fungus
Bottles of milk that don't have a handle.
I hate cling wrap/Saran wrap.
Kevin Hart
You mean fun guy
who’s a fun guy?
Fungi 😎
What's the most interesting fact you know?
Dogs are capable of smelling ghosts
Contrary to popular belief, pee is NOT stored in the balls
Male polar bears can eat up to 20% of their body weight in a single sitting
What Is One Thing You Will Never Forgive Your Parent(s) For As A Child?
Cheating on one another and joining a cult.
My dad snubbed me of my childhood acting career, it was 2008 and I had been accepted out of a long line of over 500 child/teen applicants waiting for casting call for the TV show CSI. Since I was young at the time they needed parental consent and my mother was stoked and excited about my opportunity. My dad, being the monumental asshole he is, thought that every cast member, male and female, wanted to assault all the younger members and was being delusional. He insulted the casting director, snatched me and my mom away, and stormed out of the casting call even though I had been accepted and my mother was signing the paperwork. Needless to say, that career opportunity died that day and I will never forgive him or forget it. To make matters worse, they had closed the casting call since they found the right member, that is until he fucked it up for me.
It was an open secret that my father would call me down to his office-sometimes when I was in trouble and sometimes just because he felt like it-so he could tear me down. You name it, he said it. My mother didn't do anything. She just let him do it. And she never took me aside to say that the things he was saying weren't right, he shouldn't be saying that stuff, etc, etc. My mother always had the audacity to say "I don't know why you have such poor self esteem!" when I was a pre-teen and teenager. As a minor, I didn't have an answer and it made me feel like shit. As an adult, I don't know how she didn't see the answer to her own question. There's a lot of fucked up shit I can't forgive my parents for. But this one is one of the ones which always stung, because who the hell decides to speak to a child that way and who hell knows it is happening but chooses to do nothing?
Care to explain this
My dad snubbed me of my childhood acting career, it was 2008 and I had been accepted out of a long line of over 500 child/teen applicants waiting for casting call for the TV show CSI. Since I was young at the time they needed parental consent and my mother was stoked and excited about my opportunity. My dad, being the monumental asshole he is, thought that every cast member, male and female, wanted to assault all the younger members and was being delusional. He insulted the casting director, snatched me and my mom away, and stormed out of the casting call even though I had been accepted and my mother was signing the paperwork. Needless to say, that career opportunity died that day and I will never forgive him or forget it. To make matters worse, they had closed the casting call since they found the right member, that is until he fucked it up for me.
Yeah I understand, especially because my dad did the same thing to me, only thing is he wouldn’t dare do it in front of my mother as she’d whoop his ass. He used “going to visit granny” as an excuse to belittle me, call me all manner of names and insults, etc. Safe to say his own mother and mine knew about this right away and he’s the pariah of the family.
My mother had an affair with my dad's business partner. They later moved me to another state, where my dad made the family join a cult and then had a had his own year-long affair with a woman that he wanted to move in as a second wife.
Dang. I'm very sorry.
Wow, just wow. Did you ever find out what cult this was?
Yes. I don't share it publicly as it'd dox me.
Sharing is caring, no seriously that’s fucked
It weighs on me. Especially since he died before I could properly confront him about it all. Oh well. I hope your acting career still manages to take off, if it's something you're still pursuing.
Yeah thank you man, I really appreciate it. I got into music production int’l so while I didn’t get acting. I have met and worked on albums and solo’s for big name artists abroad so that takes care of it.
Not a man, but you're welcome. I'm glad something worked out for you. Wish you the best.
How often do people find someone extremely special on Reddit?
Uhhh chances are you won’t. And even if you did they’ll scam you
.0000001%
Extremely special needs all the time
very rare
Never it seems like
r/SpecialEd
I guess I’ve won the lotto
I ask because I have and she is amazing.
So you met someone special here?
Oh yeah. Wasn’t intentional, just happened off of a comment
And You sure it ain’t a guy
10000000% we’ve been talking for weeks
Alright my man good to know you ain’t getting scammed. she’s probably reading this.
Have you actually met her in person?
I hope she is!
No, we live hundreds of miles apart. Maybe 1000
Well, I can’t help but be a pessimist. I think you need to actually meet someone in person to ensure that you’re not getting scammed.
Hostage Negotiators What would you do if you could only choose between saving 1 hostage getting killed brutally or 100 hostage all on live TV?
If someone gave you 100 K to spend in one day,with the conditions that you spend out that specific balance(nothing more or less),what would you buy?
First is buy a car to get a big chunk of change out of the way, then a prebuilt gaming PC, an every day laptop, Rock climbing gear, Some ultra light camping gear. Once I get to $100 left, I’d start calculating with magic singles since many of them are $.01
I would buy 100k in shares of VOO (they do fractionals).
Pay off all of my debt then get an Amazon gift card for the balance.
Put it towards my mortgage.
When you get to that last stage, I can help you.
I would definitely ‘hire’ a few friends as purchasers since I wouldn’t have the time to research myself.
People of Reddit, what will you be remembered for when you die?
My eulogy will probably be something like this: "      . Of the dead nothing but good is to be said." 5 seconds pause for dramatic effect, then... exit stage left.
nice titties is all i can vouch for at the moment
Given the current portfolio of memories, friends and family might start off with, "Here lies a person who lived by three simple rules: Eat well, laugh often, and never let the WiFi password be forgotten." And then they'd glance over at the router, give it a respectful nod and carry on.
hopefully nothing
and even then who cares
What is the worst liquid to be submerged with?
acid comes to mind
Botulinum toxin
Liquid nitrogen. Could freeze your nuts right off.
Jizz
Magma
Honey while your strapped to log and covered in bugs.
Why do you think many people (women more than men) refuse to cross narrow streets, free of traffic and with excellent visibility, until instructed by a pedestrian light? Have you noticed that these same people will indeed jaywalk when someone else does so in their presence?
I can't count the number of times I've driven down a quiet and otherwise empty road, late at night, only to observe a person (usually female) standing at an empty intersection. Sometimes they'll kind of oscillate -- shaking or rocking a bit -- as if frozen from the indecision over crossing versus not crossing. My impression is this is primarily a function of peer evaluation/judgement. It's telling that many of these same people will cross when someone else crosses first, provided he's well-dressed and not a vagrant or whatever. While I understand jaywalking is technically illegal, it's not enforced in most areas, certainly not in the absence of traffic and other people. Why do so many people, and again it seems to be predominantly women, outsource their thinking to a pedestrian light? Sex variation in jaywalking is something I decided to study as part of my dissertation -- there's a marked difference between males and females in this area. I'm curious about the average Redditor's opinion. Edit: This isn't part of a project/dissertation. It's something I wrote about and studied many years ago. I'm genuinely curious about what Reddit thinks of this.
With this in mind; >Sex differences in jaywalking is something I decided to study as part of my dissertations -- there's a marked difference between males and females in this area. I'm curious about the average Redditor's opinion. Are you planning to use these answers in your dissertation? I think myself and everyone else deserves to know that before we answer, now that there's that possibility, in order to provide some level of informed consent.
This is my fault, I should have been clearer. It's something I wrote about many years ago and reached a set of conclusions. This definitely isn't part of a project or study. I'm interested, personally, in contrasting my own findings with the broad opinion of Reddit. So yes, I hope that assuages any concerns you or others might have.
Mostly, I just wanted to make sure people were at least given an idea of whether this was an active project or not. This handles that.
If somebody said you need jesus, how would you respond?
No I really don't. I'm ethical and I'm moral, I have empathy and compassion, all without someone threatening to set me on fire if I misbehave.
Nah, Jesus needs me
I already have him, he's with me every day!
I definitely need miracles, that's for sure
I ignore it and move onto something else
If you believe in Jesus, then God is not with you. Jesus was just a man, nothing special.
Bless your heart. 💜
I agree 😅
And you need to take a few steps back like your receeding hairline Bob!
stop drop and roll
Ignore them. From their perspective I can see why they would say that but I like my mischief and know I'm a good person
No thank you
Id laugh, probably wonder how mythological beings can help me
No thank you
“That sounds like a good idea. Where is he?”
Just close the door 🤷🏻‍♀️
We're already close friends.
If Jesus’s single, around his 30s, charismatic, intelligent, funny, rich and generous, so yes.. I definitely need him.
Honestly, I feel like my moral compass is set pretty well without divine intervention. It's interesting though, how some people find comfort in having that guidance. Different strokes for different folks, I guess.
He just told me "beware of the crooks that come in my name and tell you what you need"
Bible Jesus or modern Christian ideals Jesus?
the old me wouldve said Jesus needs me. but I changed over the years and I'd probably just ask them why they think that
I will never subscribe to such immorality.
Dios Mio
I had him, returned him, didn't get my money back.
"Where is he? I always wanted to crucify someone."
Sounds like a personal problem.
"No thanks. I can mow my own lawn." Having been told that I "need Jesus" a few times, this has become my standard answer.
You need Allah.
I'd have diarrhea and wipe my ass in front of them with the bible until my fingers poke through the whole hardcover and I'm fingering my fresh lava swamp asshole with the whole book around my index and middle.
I'm sure they mean well
People who hate Jesus are generally speaking just looking for excuses to get up to no good.
No, he's a sex offender. With a record. He served six months in Chino for exposing himself to an eight year old. When he moved to Hollywood he had to go door to door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
Jesús and me don’t get along
Yea, well you need to fuck off.
"Well duh, just make him put a condom on first."
"I already have the Easter Bunny and Tooth Fairy, no room for any more imaginary figures!!"
I’m atheist and it doesn’t bother me to be honest. I just smile. I get where people come from. They believe and I do not. I often wish I believed in higher powers and authorities…my mind though just isn’t wired like that and it’s pretty fucking tiring to be honest.
"If I get the urge to suck-start an AR-15, maybe I'll call him."
Immediately start French kissing someone of the same sex in front of them and not stop until they fuck off
God is not one of the three. There is only one God, and Mohammad is his prophet
^X^2
Especially if its said to you by a older Southern lady.
I disagree. The Jesus people do dirt and cry for forgiveness every Sunday. Hypocrisy is the worst.
The Abrahamic faiths are hate based immorality. They are pro slave ownership, pro child abuse, pro misogyny, pro queerphobia, etc
8 year olds dude
Santa ?
Don't forget that Mohammad raped a child and that the Muslim goal is to live life like Mohammed did.
Those strawmen don't sound like Christians to me. Hypocrisy is an accepted tennant in Christianity though. Fallen world and all that.
That creep can roll
Everyone raped children back then, consent was not invented yet
Consent and lack of it have always been a thing. People knew if they did or didn't agree to being put in certain situations. Pedo.
What happened to metaverse?
Hey i just want to know about metaverse, long ago it was trend and everyone one rushed to buy virtual lands,home and other metaverse stuff,since 2years no one is talking about this project so it was scam or fail project?
Finished.
It was all a scam for the rich to get richer
It's not as big as people thought it would be. And that's a very good thing!
It's a work in progress...you need to wait at the loading screen
A stock market scheme
Don't know, don't care.
It was mostly a distraction by Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg to steer the media away from its many privacy scandals. It even renamed itself to cause as much media hype as possible. And the media ate it up like ice cream. Meanwhile, Facebook has spent I think over $20 Billion Dollars on this project since the change to "Meta", but I don't know where that money is going because visually Facebook's VR environment looks like a sterilized, corporatized, way less interesting version of VR Chat that I guess Facebook intends to sell to companies so they can have "more engaging meetings and group projects" using Facebook's VR headsets.
What animals are uglier than an opossum?
Nothing, because opossums are not ugly.
Opossums are cute.
Vultures
opossum not ugly :(
a rat
Hippos
Southern Elephant Seal
y’all are breaking my heart these animals didn’t choose to look that way 😭 i think they’re all cute
That mole with the nose that looks like a star made out of skin tentacles.
me
Humans.
Sphynx cat.
Yo mama
They look awful
A rat looks better than you I’m sure. Don’t bring remy into this
i think rats can be very beautiful
:(
You win
i hope u heal the hate in ur heart
They're like big hug mice.
That was mean;(
Alright I’m sorry. You and the rat both look beautiful
that better but still sad that you compare me to a rat
No I’m sure you look beautiful in your human way 😔 I’m sorry
What is the most recurring monogamous thought you have had?
I want house, family and children
What
Same
Ladies when you take off your bra do they sag or stay firm ?
Go find porn and leave this sub alone fucks sake
this is the most maidenless shit I've ever read
paid too much for them to sag ;)
Sag
When i take my bro off, my balls sag
I am a man and when I don't wear a bra I still hold them up well
Why it's fun
I'm why older that that
Go do your homework school tomorrow
Redditors who haven't found the right place to post your story, what is it?
Oh, well hell. Let me get right to it
In the near future, Earth falls under attack by a powerful alien race known as the Ignitarians. These highly advanced extraterrestrial beings possess a unique ability to manipulate heat energy. Seeking to conquer Earth, they unleash their deadly plan of superheating the planet's oceans, destabilizing the entire ecosystem and threatening all life forms. Unbeknownst to the Ignitarians, Grand Leader Kim Jong Un, known for his vision and courage, is the only leader who recognizes the gravity of the situation. Despite facing skepticism and opposition, Kim Jong Un embarks on a dangerous quest to counter the alien threat using Earth's most powerful missiles.
When or how do you know that marijuana your consumption has become a problem/addiction?
When you do it everyday, even if you only doing it in the night. Because you don’t realize but waking up early it’s impossible when you smoke in the night. And also when you don’t find motivation for doing anything new, you just prefer to light a J
if you can’t function without it, then you have a problem. if you can’t eat or fall asleep without it then it’s pretty clear you have an addiction. if you can’t throw away the weed you have now without going and buying more within the same week or even going a few months without it, then you have a problem.
That kinda hit hard because I actually have been having trouble with my sleep schedule and have felt unmotivated for the longest time now but never really thought it was connected to my marijuana use until I thought about it just now.
weed should be enjoyed like a really unhealthy dessert, it’s nice to treat yourself once in a while but if you’re eating that every day, sometimes multiple times a day, you have a real problem that you need to address.
This describes me exactly and I actually was thinking about buying more weed right now because I ran out last night and miss the good feelings it brings. It’s been a while since I’ve been without it so I’m kinda scared that I’ll become less happy without it but also am scared that I have become too dependent. Longest I’ve gone without it is maybe a week or two Kinda made this post as a way to help me determine whether I want to begin a period of sobriety now or if I’m just being silly. Like ik deep down it’s a problem but it’s like I’m unable or unwilling to accept it
I been there. I just too have days when I have a lot of things to do and I know I had to do it but I just lighten a J and forget everything, my mind was the best lawyer to find out ways to not do anything or find reasons to doing in another moment. The harder thing is you never realize when stared to being so harmful to yourself. Also I remember I use to do a simply task only for smoking like a reward, I also think that’s a very good way to know that you have to stop
the withdrawal honestly isn’t that bad imo the hardest part is just choosing not to do it. you have the power! don’t waste any more money into something that won’t benefit you at all.
Find another way to make you feel rewarded in somehow, I know this sound cliche but for me the exercise save me, instead of smoking after work or before work I would go for a run
How do you survive life without having a job?
Same as i do with one
Have rich parents
FIRE
I'm basically treated like a pet...
Welfare/disabiltiy
Become a farmer
Being a drug adict
Sugar momma?
Wealthy spouse
Well you would not have internet for sure.
Plot and plan your exit from life strategy. Personally, got a gun card, a shotgun and a box of shells. When broke and about to be homeless, go for a walk in the forest, leave video on phone saying goodbye to kids and family
Sell drugs
I’m hoping I don’t know why you were asking for helium
What
Party city.
What is the best female on female dating app?
Ancestry.com
Facebook dating does better than you might think
Craigslist
Lesbegin.com
I thought HER and Hinge were cool for sure
Haha, no. 🤦🏽‍♀️💀😂
Perfect place for hookups.
Don’t have a Facebook currently..
Hell to the no
If that was real, it’d be cleaver
Don't want to try it you do you. Will say pretty easy to get a Facebook, keep your profile private that way you are having to deal with friends and family, that way you can use it but not be trapped in the Facebook world.
Why not? 😂
Never went into a thought process that deep
You know why 💀
What are the biggest red flags in chicks?
Guy friends,
high body count
Misandry, arrogance and being rude to retail workers ofc. All of these apply to both genders, but oh well.
They are vegan
Quick judgements tend to signal either stupidity, ignorance, or both
They are always telling you about the latest personality conflict. Also if relationship with family is poor.
Everyone they know is terrible.
as a girl ive been told that being arrogant is the biggest
Poor vision due to swelling of the eyelid, conjunctiva, or cornea can get better as the swelling subsides. Blindness due to Marek's disease, cataracts, or scarred corneas is permanent.
If they’re very self-indulgent.
Well, I assume you don’t have one too as a man.
Sooo true, I don’t know why but the end being crazy
If you could change one thing that would make your life easier, what would it be?
75% prettier. Be so nice to walk around without being embarrassed.
Photogenic memory for studying
Knowing what is going to happen in kriptocurrwncy
Which country’s cuisine is underrated?
Korean food
Georgia
palestinian food🍉
Came in to write the same!
What's the most challenging/stressful vacation you've had? Where did you go for that vacation?
I went to hell, don't recommend it, it's burning hot and the floor is lava
Tennessee, place was beautiful had a great time but people were horrible that I went with
My ex boyfriend taking me to meet his family in mexico because i always was drunk
Not sure if this counts though. I was in Portland, 3 days before my family and I leave my mom got Covid and it was so stressful bc nobody wanted to take care of her so I had to do it.
If women have gynecology, and urology is for both men and women, why don’t we have male focused practices?
Dicks are simple, just like you and me.
Proctology.
They're called doctors /s
Dick just works upd: a direct equivalent of gynaecologist is an andrologist, but most men never saw one because "dick just works"
I don't know the % of but many/most gynecologists are also ob's who help a woman during pregnancy and delivery so that's obviously exclusively for women.
It's called dickology, duh
My creation of life are miniscule tadpoles. Or aren't, never tested. But my procreation doesn't have a room
Women have gynecology because Medicine overall has been male-dominated so women needed a specific focus. So the entire premise of your question is hilarious.
do men create human beings lmfao what do you think gynaecology is for
There is the nutty professor... sorry, that was bad.
wow this really brought out the misandrists yikes it’s just a question
Actually less funding has been given to women's health/ medicine even though we're more complicated due to the face we bear children.
bro wants to go to the penis doctor
Can confirm, am a dick, am simple.
Hmm weird, “andrologist near me” only produces urologists near me
Your procreation doesn’t have a room?
Hilarious? Easily entertained are we? Just a genuine question
No, but there’s plenty of male exclusive medical practices to be performed and was curious why there’s no male exclusive establishments is all, you seem bothered :)
Well played
its true please point me in the right derection
Definitely. I mean it's a dick, what's there to study??? Urology studies the urinary system(mostly, they are interconnected), but when it comes to study the male reproductive system there is not much to study. I mean, a dick is like AK-47, can work in any weather, can be operated by an uneducated suicidal dude. At the same time a vagina is fkn USS Enterprise
The room was the womb. I wondered if that tracked
Nah just fuck off with your incel shit
You’re right, a penis is just a tube they owe out of 0% chance for anything to go wrong from what I read
I think I made myself another joke
yikes
Hope that phone call to your dad finally goes through champ ;(
Damn. If I knew where you lived I’d go warn the windmills.
Im a married woman
And I’m Obama
Thanks Obama
LOL
What's the most terrifying experience you've had while camping or hiking?
Was coming to the end of a 3 hour trail on a downward slope and saw a guy in the distance who locked eyes with me the second we came into each other’s sight. He kept his eyes on me as we passed, even turning his head to me. After passing, I turned my head a little further down and found this dude still staring at me. I bolted down the hill to the parking lot. Perhaps it was nothing, but that long stare made me uneasy.
massive brown bear near our tent
Went hiking in the Three Sisters Wilderness about 35 years ago in September by myself. On my second afternoon I found a place to camp next to a creek on the edge of a small meadow. I set up my tent and got out my stove to make a late lunch. This was a white gas stove so I filled my stove and lit it. I turned and knocked over my fuel canister and the canister spilled. The fumes ignited and quickly lit some dry grass on fire. Suddenly the grass exploded and I had a full fledged grass fire on my hands. It was spreading away from the tent and creek so I grabbed my small shovel and worked like hell to get a fire line built around the fire. After about 45 minutes of working frantically I had won. There was an area about 50’x50’ burned. I was exhausted and really shook about what might have been. I packed up my shit , waited about an hour to make sure the fire was out, then hiked two hours back to the trailhead.
Probably not terrifying extremely but it was so cold that I felt like I needled lots of blankets haha.
What's the story of your mum giving birth to you?
Dropped out on shag carpet at home on a 112 degree day no ac
I came out of her vagina The end
She had a c-section cause I wasn't coming out past all the due dates.
I made eye contact as soon as the doctor pulled me out, and I didn’t cry
She just tells me she can’t remember much of it other than she thinks she was there.
The day before my mom gave birth to me it was her birthday. So my mom and I birthdays are a day apart. (:
[Serious] Redditors who’ve worked on Reality TV shows, what’s some stuff from behind-the-scenes that would never make it into an actual episode?
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
How do you get backers on Kickstarter for self-help book project?
What’s the best way to find music you haven’t heard before but you think you will enjoy?
Spotify DJ is pretty solid with that
It depends on how you listen to music. I tend to search for stuff by artist so when I find a new band that I enjoy I plug them in here  to see if there are similar bands I haven't heard of but might like.
try listening to more international music. After getting into latin and korean music i’ve realized that there’s so much good music out there aside from english music
Use the algorithm
finding a song on soundcloud then just swiping to the next because itll put u on a string of songs that are a similiar vibe
Go on music forums and music related videos on even just watch videos dissecting the samples used for your favorite artists instrumentals
look up the genres of your favorites songs and look up songs with those genres
YouTube random slections
Join the music subs for the music you like. Ask around for recommendations
Idunno if people still use Pandora, but I used to add songs to my favorites and then it began suggesting songs for me with similar music qualities to the ones I liked. I discovered some great songs that way that I still listen to this day. That was a decade ago.
What is a double standard that exists for your gender?
body count
Oh my god that is so cute how do you deal
Im not in any realtionship nor have I ever been but, child support/ custody of kids usually goes in favor to the mother.
Oh man, where do I start. 1. If women sexually harass us, it’s seen as amusing rather than rapey. 2. If a guy and a woman both get drunk and have sex, the guy is a rapist. 3. Women don’t get blamed for dumping a man; when a man dumps a woman, he’s ‘afraid of commitment. 4. If a woman gets angry at a man, it’s his fault. Man gets angry at a woman, he needs to control himself. 5. Our society doesn’t believe that women can sexually abuse men. 6. Women can beat us up all they want, but if we hit back, we’re monsters. 7. If a woman sexually assaults you, you’re supposed to enjoy it. 8. Guys are still expected to be the breadwinner. 9. Women are allowed to reject guys based on their looks without being seen as "shallow" (what rubbish is this?). 10. If a man cheats, he’s an asshole; if a woman does, it’s the man’s fault. 11. Divorce laws are lopsidedly in favor of women. 12. When a woman is raped it’s a tragedy; when a man is raped it’s a joke. 13. Women get shorter sentences for the same crimes as men. 14. Talking about our feelings and emotions. When women talk about their feelings and emotions they are supported, people care, society cares and people want to listen and help them. There is also much more professional help for women as well. However, when men do we are usually mocked, laughed at, told to man up and especially if a woman is causing problems for us not even believed because of the sexist attitude we have in society that women can never do anything wrong and men are always to blame. The last woman treated me like crap for opening up. So men close up about how they feel, then we get why don’t men talk about how they feel, why are men not mature enough to do this? Well, it is not about maturity, if you were treated the way men are when we open up you women would not open up either. It is often those same women that treat men like crap for opening up that say men are immature to not open up, well those particular women (not all women) are the immature hypocritical ones not the men. This toxic attitude towards men has led to 4 times more men committing suicide than women and even then with men killing themselves we simply don’t care in society, now it would be rectified overnight if it was women facing this problem. 15. The fact that if there is ever a problem between a man and a woman the woman is automatically believed. There is always two sides to a story but it is most often people don’t even care about the man’s side and just like there are bad men out there there are also bad women out there such as the woman that tried to reverse over me with her car. I didn’t report her because it just wasn’t worth it because of the way society is. If we do speak up we are just seen as the trouble makers and get ourselves into trouble even if the woman is the one in the wrong. This of course means the bad women (not all) treat men like total shit day after day and can get away with it and then those women that treat men like total crap wonder why men are pulling out of marriage and getting into relationships which is mean to be our fault again when it isn’t. Again, this is not all women of course. 16. The fact we refuse to accept that women can be just as bad are are just as bad in personality as men are. However, when a woman is we need to understand and be forgiving of all her struggles but when a man is bad he is just a bad person. 17. The fact we don’t care about men’s problems at all in society. You try finding a men’s shelter for men that are victims of physically abusive women? Good luck! They just don’t exist and if you are lucky enough to find one they will most likely laugh their socks off at you. Like I mentioned above suicides among men are 4x higher than among women as a result of this and yet we still don’t care.
Damn. Who hurt you?
damn. bro made an essay.
What's your toxic trait?
Overthinking
Envy. It's not green though. Piping hot crimson.
Negativity. I really do need to be more positive.
Cyanide
thinking i replied to texts
easily angered
I brush people off when I don’t mean to
If I think you’re pushing me away I’ll do it quicker. When I’m happy I’ll find a way to ruin it
Some days I’m super independent others I’m needy and clingy
I worry too much if I’m a bother or if someone doesn’t actually wanna be with me or around me.
I flirt with chicks until they get hooked then ghost them.. oops.
My evasive and distant tendency when I need help from others
Sometimes I’ll talk before thinking about what I’m saying
I can be cold towards people sometimes. Blame my parents yall I know I do.
Overthink the reason why I replied back to your comment instead of someone else's :) Tell me what conclusions you found hehe. Okay okay , I'm just kidding. Take care of yourself ❤️.
You have to design a merry-go-round with 3 unorthodox animal choices, what are you picking?
Bat, chupacabra, human.
naked mole rat, honey badger, and an incel.
Humans, Hippos, and Bald eagles.
Capybara, chinchilla, sugar glider. It’s a ✨vibe✨
Porcupine (good luck sitting on that one!), Bixi (hybrid between a dragon and tortoise), and penguins for cuteness
Hedgehog, Elephant, Anaconda. All life size
Cthulhu, Chimera, and Leviathan.
Hyena, giraffe, and monkey.
An aardvark, a mole and an opossum
Jellyfish, parakeet and hairy tarantula
Cuttlefish, Stag Beetle, Tardigrade.
Giant squid, tarantula, T-Rex.
Excuse me? Are you thinking about a carousel ? Because where I'm from, a merry go round only has safety bars.
Walrus, Turtle, and Pangolin
Octopus, rhino and ants
Scorpion, Crab, Tarantula
Platypus, blind naked mole rat, fruit bat.
They're used interchangeably where I'm from
I would ride the pangolin.
You have information about a government plot that goes right to the top, how to you ensure it is exposed?
Post to 4chan
Assuming its not some crackpot conspiracy theory, the New York Times and Washington Post have anonymous tip lines.
I don't, I do the opposite, I wouldn't even tell my closest friend that I knew anything. I kept my mouth shut and stay away from the people involved so as to minimize the chances they find out I know anything. If at all possible I never make conversation or comment about any issue linked to this plot. I would consider making an affidavit with my lawyer outlining what I know and the evidence I have for use in the case of my death or disappearance. Which I would only use as leverage if I was found out and targeted.
Involve Veronica Corningstone.
turn it into an NFT
lmfao absolutely not possible
What’s the number one thing on your bucket list?
I would really like to travel to Japan. Go to Kyoto and Tokyo. Just haven’t had the savings to do it yet.
Cross Canada by train lol
Get a bucket
Skydiving 100% Skydiving and I plan on doing it this summer
Buy a land and build my dream house
I would like to be in a small room where a dozen puppies are all running around and jumping all over me. This seems more attainable and more wife-approved than the twin redheads of the more common male fantasy. In fact, when I mentioned this to my wife, she offered to help arrange it.
Sex with David Duchovny
Mine would have been Skydiving, but I ticked this off last September. Now, it's either travelling around Japan, hit the summit of a huge mountain or to go deep into the borealis forest for a few weeks and live off the land.
Retire, relax and travel with my wife.
One of those orange ones from home depot. Wait, I think I have the wrong kind of bucket list...
This and the Glacier Express in Switzerland.
What made you realise life’s unfair?
That some really bad people are often the most successful and there is no such thing as karma for them.
seeing the jobs people with family connections get
Being honest will get you only punished for it
Karma does not exist and bad people always do well in life
Toy and Movie ads when I was a child. Not getting anything I wanted for xmas, and learning all those cool movies the kids at school talked about, were "a waste of time and money."
Life isn't really unfair. It's a lottery. Some win big, many people contend with mediocrity for life.
9 times out of 10 scamming people is a far more effective way to make money than doing honest work.
Not everyone is born with the same amount of resources.
being palestinian.
Learning about extremely different family backgrounds, traumatic childhood experiences and tough living environment.
losing gene lottery is more than enough
What are some things ya’ll look for in a long term partner?
The ability to communicate emotions
Common interests , Sexual compatibility , positive attitude, good with money.
emotional stability. financial goals/ambition. a good moral compass, compassion and generosity.
Committed to growing and learning and changing. Bettering themselves, retrospective.
A common longterm plan, challenge & goal.
Compatibility.
Someone who’s compatible with me in the following regards: communication style, attachment style, conflict resolution style, long term relationship goals (marriage, kids) There are a lot of nice, kind, sweet people with good sense of humor out there, but if they are not compatible with me, nothing else matters.
You wake up tomorrow with a new mental illness based on your username. How screwed are you?
Very screwed.
I’m not sure.
I guess I’m obsessed with an ideal gas?
Really bad if I start gambling
I....am....a surgeon!
Some religious delusion, I’m sure.
I guess that would make me a vampire. Bloody 'ell!
Gaming addiction? My life is ruined.
Just Casca'ier and Redder. I'll be okay.
Aggressive... yeah that could go anywhere.
"AHHHHHHHHHH, AHHHHHHH, AHHHHHHHHHHH, THERES A GAPING HOLE IN ME!!! !"
I’d like to think I’ll turn into a superhero. The more realistic outcome is probably something like only being able to function when it’s day
I guess i'd speak in an old english accent - so pretty screwed
Heh...
As screwed as I am today
“What’s your bet, black or red?” “Detroit!”
Why hasn't SSSniperwolf's career and reputation been completely destroyed by the internet, in your guys' opinions? Is it because of her popularity, or something else?
Thank God I don't have a damned clue what you're talking about
i think most of her viewers are children or people who are too ignorant/lazy to keep up with social media and dont realize that she’s being cancelled
who ?
Lmao wtf is this
I dunno, maybe it has something to do with the fact that her fanbase is extremely oblivious to the fact that she is pure poison and that she is being canceled because of her toxicity.
I haven’t heard her name in a long time. But the last time I remember abt her is when she was stalking another YouTuber.
Famous people are never fully canceled, they always come back.
What do you consider an “unhealthy” number of hours to play video games in a day?
If it affects your work or sleep
More than 5
Anything over 24.
Two
over 4
anything over 4
Do you mean just one day, or every day?
More than 5
Over 8
This is a great question, let’s say both? I imagine most people game every day in this scenario
What is a song you’ve heard once that you know you’ll never hear again?
It had this chorus, and a prominent verse...that song, you know?
I was visiting an Onsen, traditional Japanese hot spring, that has an inn attached with my girlfriend about 5 years ago. Late at night we were just talking a little bit about what to do tomorrow morning when this willowy woman's voice starts singing a traditional Japanese folk song, it was like 3 in the morning and we were the only people awake so we have no clue who it was, the Song of the Rice Husking. The singer gave the song such an ethereal quality that I know for sure I'll hear anything like that again. Just a single Acapella willowy woman's voice carried upon the wind as it shook the leaves in the trees.
Ah, yes, that one song! I can hear it now
That sounds like an amazing experience! What a beautiful thing to treasure (:
It haunts me
It's one of many memories that I treasure as my time walking upon the Earth comes to a close in November.
What did you spend too much money on?
Post inspired by my $6 vanilla-coconut iced latte that was 1 sip of pure bliss and 10 sips of mild regret
The premium subscription to r/AskReddit - $49.99/month for six years is a good deal right? Right? ...Anyone?
bmw lol
College, just to figure out I can’t do anything with my degree until I got 4 more certifications.
Car parts.
My waifu. Probably dropped $2,000 on their merch.
Drugs
Drugs and alcohol
Cars and dating
Cat food since they have a grain free sensitive stomach diet
I spent the laptop 😀
I mean I’m thousands of dollars deep into the ape ecosystem. Have MacBook and iPhone and Apple Watch and iPad.. yea..
As a young man, I spent most of my money on women and alcohol. The rest, I wasted.
Lunch today. $100 for 3 burgers and fries. WTAF??
Help me, help you.
Not bad if you got the optional turn signals.
Dont leave us hanging, show the build!!
At least they get free psychological care
Blasphemy. City?
oh ive never heard of those sounds interesting! hehe
Haha and they provide me with care too
What's a good exotic hybrid seed bank that ships to NC ?
Deezus nuts
People who are feeling down about their life, what are some things about your life that really don't suck?
My hobbies.
That I don’t owe any money to any gangs. Yet.
my photocard collection
Plenty of money and skills
Being well respected upon my peers.
I don't live on the street yet.
Me too! Though about be $500k in debt 😮‍💨 (cough cough grad school cough cough)
Shit dude, good luck 😭
Thank you 😭 I could buy a house with that kinda money 😭
What's a cool celebration/party did you guys think of?
My wake in November is going to last 72 hours. Catering is paid for, I'm renting an entire hotel for it because I've got 376 RSVPs so far and counting (and 459 and counting for my funeral and reception), some of my friends are entertainers and have generously volunteered to do the entertainment as long as the booze and food are available with everything from show tunes to Heavy Metal being performed over the three days and a few other fun things we're still putting together. I want it to be an amazing final memory of me for my friends and loved ones before the funeral. Just because I'm dying doesn't mean the world ends for everyone else. So they're there to celebrate the life I've lived before they mourn me.
On new years, 2000, what happened? When it became a whole new century, a whole new millennium was there like some extra special new years day? Or did y'all take it like a regular new years?
Y2K probably made it more eventful
a lot of nerds spent a year telling us the new millennium didn’t actually start until 2001
It was entertaining cuz everyone thought there would be a global grid failure, and then it was just Sting doing a sort of good song on Dick Clark’s rockin eve and ppl getting drunk. It was very anti climactic
We thought the world might end. We were just happy it didn't.
I so wish I'd have spent it better. It was sad.
Funny thing. Y2K was 2000, of course. But, the new millennium started on Jan 1, 2001. That was the new century.
NYE 1999 was a blast. Spent the next day hungover and roadtripping home. It was a long, painful day.
You’re welcome.
Whats something that everyone wants to know about others but no one wants to know about themselves?
The Truth.
How do you take pictures of an eclipse, will an iPhone be good enough?
I don't know. I tried shooting with my personal camera but it didn't work... With a phone I think you need binoculars
How do you cope with the fact that we can never truly know what others are thinking or feeling?
It's probably for the best.
But you can know to some extent through a capability known as Theory of Mind. However, some people do not have this capability.
I tend to feel it whether I want to or not...
I don’t care
It never occurred to me that I should, so nothing to cope with.
What's something you started doing/saying ironically as a joke but you now do/say seriously?
Sing in the shower
That's an interesting one! It's quite the liberating feeling.
What would you do if you woke up and realized you died?
If you were dead, how would you wake up?
SOUNDS LIKE I DIDNT WAKE UP
I'd probably go about doing the same things I did before I was conceived.
Probably go to work since my boss will prob bother me anyway
If I wake up dead, then I'm going to have to do some serious apologizing to the afterlife people.
Men of reddit: What prevents you from forming substantial relationships with other men?
Men don’t give me blowjobs
Would love to know what substantial means in this context
I just don't get along with most
My lack of attraction for other men.
My life consists of work and then home. It doesn’t help that I live in Snoresville.
i don't meet new ones to form meaningful relationships with. still close to the ones i grew up with and went to college with tho
Some will.
Meaningful friendships
What ruined your life so much you had no life to go back to?
College.
Pursing an acting career, rather than something more grounded. Oops.
fire D
What celebrity scandal ruined a show for you?
roseanne barr is a racist bigot. The Conners is ok though.
Charlie sheen being replaced in two and a half men
The Cosby Show
That’s 70 show
I think she got hosed. VJ doesn’t look black and she obviously wasn’t really denying the Holocaust. She’s jewish lol
At what age did you know that Australia was wider than the moon?
So, why isn't the ocean high tiding and drowning the Aussies?
I was today years old
Never heard of it
Literally now
Never heard of it until now. I've even had to Google it.
Apparently at 29 and a half.
Literally today.
Today.
About now I reckon
Today years old.
bro, you have the wrong context
Hahaha really bro
This fact
It's fact
Yeahhh
Nicee
Bro, it's a linear question bro
because he lives with the earth
What's one food you've eaten since you were a kid but will eat until the day you die?
CHICKEN CURRY!
Baked beans.
Mac and Cheese!
Chicken nuggets
Pita gyro
Lasagna for sureee
MAC N CHEESE TIL I DIE
Tomato soup and grilled cheese, made exactly the way my parents did when I was younger. It's my "I'm running out of groceries" meal
FRIES
Ceviche
- apple puree (baby food) - mac and cheese - rice and chicken
Peanut butter and jelly sandos
Corn tortillas warmed with butter
If you’re invited to an Easter Party where everyone must dress as a type of bunny, what would you dress up as?
The bunny that stays home.
The bunny from Donnie Darko
Carrot From One Piece. Oh cute Bunny Girl added to the crew what can she do.... Reveal all the Fury Race in this pirate Manga are terrifying Badass super powered Werewolves. Yeah if you're a furry and don't know about Carrot watch this One Piece moment.
BUGS BUNNY!duh lol
Jackrabbit
White bunny with red eyes
The hare that beat the turtle
Bad bunny
The one from MPATHG that has BIG POINTY TEETH!
Sea bunny! They look like little colorful aliens lol
Lola Bunny
Bunny Yeager, so I can take pictures of all the others.
Are we supposed to know multiple types of rabbits? Is that a thing?
Jazz Jackrabbit
playboy bunny
E.g. dust bunny, playboy bunny, etc
A Puka! 🐰
Hello darkness my old friend, I’ve come to talk with you again
Tortoise, no?
What’s a small action or gesture that never fails to make you smile?
When a tough mean looking dude goes out of his way to pet a kitten/puppy and they baby talk them when they’re doing it
A smile
holding the door
Seeing parents with young kids making core memories together
Cashiers just being kind and making conversation 🥺 I know how hard of a job it is so I really appreciate when they go out of their way to be friendly
When someone asks another if they’re okay
Genuine kindness from people I don’t know. I’m young, and I have no idea what the fuck I’m doing, so just some gentle words to ask if I’m okay and if I need any help always makes me light up
Putting my index fingers at the sides of my mouth and pushing upwards.
Watching my pups care for each other.
Eye contact, even brief, and a smile. Can’t beat that. Or just glancing over to check on me, to make sure I’m still alive is pretty cute too
Just anyone waving their hands at me 👋
What is your favorite song from the 2000’s?
American Idiot It's ages like fine wine
Gangman style
Numa numa yey
Boulevard of Broken Dreams
Reckoner by Radiohead
That’s a rough era filled with alot shitty tracks… anything i’d mention would be relatively underground
That’s 2010s
And yet you didn't name any.
Bro thought OP meant the millennium and not the decade.
Mostly because I wanted to get super burned by the boy band luminati
u/cyb3rcook1e Did you mean millennium or decade?
What about the same sex genitals you like the most?
How it feels up my ass
That mine is probably just as ugly as the next guys.
That it doesn't bleed once a month.
If you could be anywhere in the world right now and get away from where you are where would you be?
Probably on an island 🏝️
Rome, Italy. Few days,and I will be great.
Netherlands
Tent camping in Montana.
One of those really nice cabins in the mountains or something. I just need some time away from everybody and school, it’s getting so stressful. If I could just spend some time curled up under the bed and not have the back of my mind worrying over what I need to do later, I’ll be so much better
Melb
My cat’s on my lap so sorry, I’m not going anywhere.
Pass. I just got home after having spent most of the last week and a half away.
New Zealand
corpse in a grave
Mine just jumped down so I can go any time.
What’s an awkward encounter with a stranger you’ve had?
There have been several uncomfortable encounters. You see, I am disabled from birth so I have used a wheelchair for as long as I can remember, and it is uncomfortable how people on the street stare at you as if they have never seen a person in a wheelchair. That doesn't bother me with children, since children are curious by nature, but having an adult stare at you as if you were a weirdo is very uncomfortable.
Random dude rolling by on his wheelchair, looking like Lt Dan just went by. Thought he as trying to talk to me but I’m up on a balcony and I don’t know him
You people are having non-awkward encounters??
I was shaking buckets raising money for oesophageal cancer and two dudes and a woman came up. One guy walked right up to me and took out a coin to give to me, while the other two continued on at a much slower pace. The guy gave me the money and I said thank you and he told me that his wife, the woman walking on, was a cancer survivor. I, in a brief moment of stupidity said I’m sorry for your loss before realising my mistake and walking briskly away. Mind you said wife who was a cancer survivor was well within earshot and I think I lost a little bit of dignity in thag moment
I used to frequent a parking lot to kill time. I did not know it was a gay cruising spot. I went to use the bathroom. As I was coming out a large fucking man, like 250+ 6ft+ was walking towards me. I later found out that bathroom is manly used for sex. I might have been this dudes next victim
How colors sound/ taste/ smell for you?
This a loaded question i think bright reminds me of sweet and dark reminds me of bland and protein
Red tastes like watermelon and sounds like a fire truck and smells like raspberries
They don't.
I took a lot of acid once, colors were great
red - spicy , loud music orange - citrus , mellow music yellow - very sour , yapper green - bland , indie music blue - sweet , r&b music purple - protien powder , pop music (my protien powder has purple packaging)
Like wax
Like starburst, probably the first thing I could name them. Red is cherry, yellow is lemon, you get it…
Never thought of it
Yeah I’m definitely not thinking like these comments
What's the most fascinating fact you've ever learned that still blows your mind every time you think about it?
Australia is wider than the moon.
I don’t know fuck about shit. Literally nothing is what I think it is.
The human bloodstream, if taken out of your body and stretched completely out, could circle the earth two and a half times. And one single blood cell makes the journey from one end to another in approximately 60 seconds.
Kinda of a meta fact. Some people think the Earth is 4.5 billion years old. Others think it’s 6,000 years old.
There’s more trees on earth than there are stars in the Milky Way galaxy
What do you do when you’ve given up?
Nothing, you’ve given up.
Scroll reddit
I go to work.
Put another quarter in.
smoke a cig
Think about why you've given up. Any other action will just feel pointless if you truly believe everything is pointless.
sleep
Put it in my Blu-ray player and watch it
Find a reason to not give up Then give up on that too
I was drinking about every night for 3 weeks there. Sleep during the day. Search what gun to buy. Ya know, slowly make your way to the exit door
Slap yourself and go harder
Keep moving forward and don't look back.
Go get jesus
This is the answer.
I’m painfully aware of why but I’m so far down the hole I’ve dug for myself I’ve given up on trying to climb out. What do I do then?
what's the hole, hard to climb out if you can't even see the walls
How do you make a long distance relationship last longer when you both have nothing to talk about any more?
buy that plane ticket
Watch movies, write letters (hand written), do activities together (origami, painting, etc.). be creative
Roleplaying. Not NSFW, just taking on a role as a spaceman and a hunter and acting out the roles or something.
Find new things to do together. I used to teach my wife Japanese to prepare for her moving in with me for example.
Probably should cut that cord
talk about your vehicle's expiring warranty
Play video games together. Watch series / movies together, while on call (either one streams, or you synchronize the timer). Those help DRASTICALLY
You create memories to talk about.
Do online activities together
What are two lies and one truth about yourself?
I was in a cult, I have a motorcycle, I love beer.
I’m smart, I’m intelligent, and I’m stupid
i have 3 kids i am the voice behind a pre recorded greeting i have a pet spider
i have rbf, ive been swimming for years, i love halloween
The prequels were better movies... from a certain point of view.
I'm awesome, I'm awesome, and I'm awesome
is it not the other way around ☹️
I'm a liar I have a 12 inch ween Literally every woman I've ever met has ended up liking me.
Nice try, FBI.
I'm British. I absolutely loathe chess. I'm single.
1. I was born with three sets of upper teeth 2. My middle name is Earl 3. I got arrested for suspected opium smuggling on the Uzbek-Afghan border
I’m a uni student, i’m 21, i work in a cafe
I skydive. I own 11 tarantulas. I work as a FedEx driver.
I control my heart , I love who ignore me , I addicted music
I speak 4 languages, I am a firefighter, I am Ex-Army Special Forces.
I was a child model, I won the chili cook off at the local county fair three years in a row, and I’ve been a witness in a murder trial.
Not Amish but went to an Amish school, I'm an Eagle scout, I am an excellent cook.
I slept with my cousin I slept with my best friend I slept with my sister-in-law
I work for the FBI, I research cancer, I'm a spy for the CIA
I’ve smoked meth, I’ve shot up heroin, I’ve smoked crack
I once played on a volleyball team with a dwarf, I have a medical condition that makes me unable to taste salt, I knocked my sister's tooth out with a soccer ball when we were kids. Edit bc I misread the prompt
I stabbed someone on purpose. I hate dogs. I have black hair.
My bra size is 38i, I only have half-siblings, and my mom used to do pornography
I’ve canoed 25 miles, I love seafood, I am an avid surfer
I got away with harboring a futigive in a federal drug case. I hate sushi with a passion. I have an IQ of a genius.
I wear contacts. I own my home. I have a tattoo of a Predator.
I'm a train engineer, I used to race cars, I was once a Queen's guard.
I am 6’6. I was once a national beard champion. I ride a motorcycle.
I'm older than my aunt,I lost a limb, I've been on the TV show "COPS"
I tell my husband everything. I secretly desire to cheat. I jerk off almost every day.
1. I got railed in a McDonald’s bathroom. 2. I’ve sucked a guys dick for a mc-chicken. 3. I am currently studying for my electrical engineering degree with a minor in biomedical engineering.
tell us more about the cult!
you are smarter than you think!
what are you the voice of?
You love Halloween huh....
You are lying more than you are saying the truth... so... i dont know
I know, I want people to lie more, but you can tell your truth king!
Lying is a skill... ya know
Shhh we are trying to get some lies here!
All of them are true...
I want 3 to be truth... but I'm going with 2, Mr. Earl
you work in a cafe!
i think The lie is that u're a uni student
You're not 21.
you got me.... I have no idea... im going with the 11 tarantulas bc is weirdly specific
you love who ignores you
special forces!
wow...... I want to try your chili...
hmmmmm you are from Lancaster!
well, whatever it is... it is crazy... your sister in law
whatever the truth is.... it is impressive, madam.... but I will go with CIA..I love you are telling classified information on reddit
I do have a cousin who works in the CIA; another who works for the Justice Department and a cousin by marriage retired from the IRS. Don't fuck with me!
stop trying drugs, my guy
I dont believe you played volleyball with a dwarf
lawd! who did you stab?
your mom was a pornstar
you love seafood
you are a genius!
you own your house!!!
these are all impressive and cool! ummm, train engineer?
I feel like these are all a little true... they all go together well. But I will go with 6'6
you are definitely giving a truth teller vibess....
T: White wine ;)
You were hungry for that McChickennnn....
AMA about Scientology in the mid 90s. I probably have forgotten most of it, but yup. I was trying to be all Nellie Bly about it. Did not learn how to enjoy beer or motorcycles there.
That’s an interesting theory, but I could never believe that
i cant specifically give it out but its a extremely popular fast food chain and i am the greeting when you pull up to our drive thru but i also work there too
Sure do! 🥰
Hey, one is truth. This is more fun with a therapist
um, queen but okay 😂😂😂
Got me, I'm a terrible liar
Naw, only the first one is. I love chess and I ain't single.
Nope, 3 is true, my asshole can confirm.
The 11 tarantulas thing is the truth. You win!
Firefighter.
Well unfortunately, although I do make a good chili, it’s not award winning.
Right state but wrong County. Yes, I did go to an Amish school. My parents got permission from the bishop and elders for me to do so.
I have been there; they Amish had the best peanut butter cookies they sold by the side of the road.
Yup. I hadn't been on a date in 3 years, her and my brother were separated. She hit on me pretty hard, flirted with me, and eventually, we started hanging out. We were watching a movie when she snuck her hand down my pants, then we went from friends to friends with benefits. It only lasted 6 weeks, but it was fun. I was morbidly obese and she's one of those drop-dead gorgeous women that like fat guys. Lucky me. Gave me the confidence I needed to start dating again. Led to my current 8 year marriage.
Nice try! if it was true, I would've been killed by now, haha I do research with prostate cancer :)
Haven’t had them in years sadly
My mother bf at the time. He was abusive trying to attack her. I was 8 years old.
Hate seafood! The truth is, I actually did canoe 25 miles during a weekend camping trip with my dad! Started on a Friday and ended on Sunday!
Yup. I'm perfectly fine wearing glasses and the tattoo is of a Xenomorph.
Nope, I used to race cars. Really wasn't any good at it.
BEEEP Sorry, better luck next time.
Actually the last one was the truth. The first 2 are incorrect. It was a Chick-fil-A that I got railed in and it was for a Spicy Chicken sandwich.
wild!!! you a survivor!
Cool cool cool!!!!
hahahaha mb tell your truth QUEEN\!
sheeeeesh!
aww crap!
Please tell me you are not a witness!!!
WOW! that is incredible-- did not know it was even possible to do
I would believe it!
thank you for your important work. And Im glad you are using your "cover job" ;) nice try; we know your truth...
that must have been hard to watch at such a young age!
Wow! that is a lot of canoeing! How did you guys eat and sleep!?
that's cool though!!!
LOL!
You're family must be so proud
Yeah, it was weirdly positive. Met my (first) husband there. Taught me a lot about true believers and also gave me the experience of being a hated minority. I was in Los Angeles at the main organization hub, did in fact meet many insanely cool people and enjoyed the work, but had to leave because "Star Trek: The Next Generation" was about to air and I wasn't going to miss it. Scientologists didn't believe TV was a good pastime, I did and still do. They STILL send me mail every day. (Don't get on a mailing list, folks, I've moved about seven times since, they still find me.)
My own fault, I accidentally carried some codeine in that I use for migraines, forgot it was in the pouch pocket. They found it. Apparently having a few pills like I did is a common way to smuggle: swallow a stomach full of balloons of opium and if they detect drugs on you then show then the couple of pills as the "reason", give them the pills and hopefully carry on your way.
Well to be honest, I read the question wrong and though it was two truths and a lie, so both the other two are true.
It's basically unheard of but all of our neighbors were Amish, and we lived the same way as them. I was little so I don't know how my parents got the bishop to agree but I was happy that I was able to stay with my friends.
I'll see you later through your phone camera :)
Well since we were camping, we were prepared with all of the gear. Tents, sleeping bags, canteens, fire starter, cane poles, crickets, food like snacks and hot dogs. We would tie up to a tree on the bank of the river.
Very much, they are so happy I’m an engineer.
Scientology is not a cult, it is a criminal enterprise and will be brought down like the mob by RICO statutes. Props to Leah Remini. Too bad Suri Cruise is fatherless. Shameful.
hahaha nice for the child modeling career! Sorry you witness that!!! yikes
nooooo, please stay away from me hahahaha
that is very cool! Wish my dad would do shit like this growing up
I've come to the conclusion that ultimately, no matter how well intentioned, organized religion becomes a criminal enterprise one way or the other. True believers become zealots and moderate, meaningful and rational voices get squeezed out because they're not there for power, they're there to help. Unfortunately, helping is not profitable over time. 'Cult' just means 'newer and smaller.'
Too late. The CIA is already after you. hahahaahahhaha
I’m very blessed to have gotten to do things like this with my dad. At least if you ever have children you can think of fun things like this to do with them & create memories and experiences. Even with family members and friends!
For real.. after all these comments, they are definitely on my ass...
What is it about the opposite sex genitals you like the most?
The 'Insert Here' look about them
The taste, smell and texture - in that order
There’s something about a swollen clt that makes my own genitals jump 🤷🏿‍♂️
The taste.
That they don’t have snapping teeths on em like a Venus flytrap
They are self lubricating.
I like when it gets all slimy
i think it's just our brain biology and body reactions or wanting to see one because we don't normally in real life lol. it's also so unique because it can grow tall or whatever and have a mind of its own LOLLLL
i think it'd be rather convenient to carry a permanent pocket around with you. Sure, you got the butthole but i imagine you could cram more in a vagina. I mean, tiny humans go through there, right?
smell, taste, secretions, shape, sounds... everything dude... it's a pussy... what's to not like ?
Sucking it
The fact I don't have it. There is no "Breaking down the science" of it. It's human nature to be curious of the opposite sex. Theres nothing wrong with it. I look down, I see a penis. That's fine, it's mine, I was born with it. I look at a lady who doesn't have a penis, I get turned on, I enjoy the way it looks. I think it's both a stupid look, and funny look. Like a penis, it looks stupid, but (Well to me just stupid) to girls, it looks funny.
I love how much variety there is in the human vulva, yet they all appeal to me. They remind me of orchids, all different, but all lovely.
That is true every girls pussy is different in more ways than one
It can go in me? 🥲
Doubles as a hat peg.
The pleasure it provides.
it can jump
Besides the obvious?
Warm, wet, and soft the way it hugs my dick.
I love that it is so hard, but the skin is so velvety. Perfect for nuzzling your face against 😇
BOOBS
Same, but on the flip 😂
HA!
Does that count?
You have a choochie too?
What is the worst way you’ve seen someone self-sabotage?
By downloading leauge of legends...
Buying a free website for 40 billion
getting back together with someone who didnt tell her he was married
valorant
The “smart kid” in my highschool class is probably the worst example. Was on his way to Valid Victorian, probably could’ve gotten into just about any college he ever would’ve wanted to. The start of senior year his attendance had gotten really bad. Turns out he had developed a pretty bad addiction to meth by hanging out with some bad friends over the previous summer, ended up getting arrested and dropped out less than 6 months away from graduating. From what I know now he’s cleaned himself up but he lost a lot of opportunities from it.
Ruminating, over thinking everything and anything.
I don't know if it's the worst but it's the most current and active example in my life. I have a "friend" who would rather complain about her problems instead of doing what she has to do to fix them. This is actively pushing people away that are very genuine to her and want to help her. My best friend's husband doesn't want anything to do with this girl anymore. My best friend is hanging on by a thread. I'm still around but I'm pretty checked out and won't really talk to her about her problems. She's in a toxic relationship with a dude who verbally and mentally abuses her (nothing physical that I'm aware of) and she won't leave even though she knows she needs to because "it's hard". She is toxically attached to her best friend and will only take advice from her even if it's the same advice others have given her. She goes to therapy but I'm convinced she doesn't talk about any of her real problems with her therapist. Just from things she's said to me in the past. One day she's going to find herself alone and stuck with the people who are the worst for her as the only people in her life and it's going to be her fault. I care a lot about her but there is clearly nothing I can do for her and sometimes I think maybe the best thing I could do for her is to leave her alone and let her sabotage herself.
I think making an absolute jackass of himself to tens of millions of people daily is the bigger self sabotage than the lost money for that dude
If you could stop time for an hour, what would you do?
Sleep
Steal as much money as I possibly can
Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash
Probably freak out....
No point in stopping just time, especially an hour, unless it stops and freezes everything and everyone except just me - like Zack Morris was able to do in saved by the bell.
Study for my pharm exam and steal from a huge bank
extra hour to nap every day
Sleep
Win the Olympic Gold in just about everything. Yes, I cheated, but it wasn't like I took drugs.
Go hunting.
Honestly? Just take a break. No one to talk to, nothing I’d want to do, I can just sit in bed and do absolutely nothing
Nothing because photons would no longer be moving and I’d be blind
Sleep for an hour. Then when time starts again I'd stay asleep for another hour.
I would save every day 'till eternity passes away, just to spend it with you...
I would spend a lot of time fixing a lot of bad things happening around the world
Go blind because light would stop moving, flashlights wouldn’t even work.
I would get a new car, caviar, four star daydream and i also think i would buy me a football team.
You got an hour
What are some of the best speaker systems or soundbars (Have a budget of 2000€) ?
r/BudgetAudiophile
What have you forged a signature for?
In high school,our parents had to sign our report cards each term,or else you wouldn’t be permitted to return to class so on terms that I did well,I’d keep my mom’s signature to use it when I didn’t do so well.
Many immigration documents
I use to forge my mother’s signature for forever. She was cool with it because I generally told her and never did anything “bad”. She passed away a little over a year ago of cancer. As her time was nearing I helped her sign stuff because she was too weak/tired. We had a good laugh over how good I was with her signature.
used to have to get a parents signature after failing a quiz in school soo...
I have been forging my husband's signature for thirty years.
My dad had me sign for him to see his car when he forgot to sign the pink slip and went out of town
when my daughters were in elementary school, they sold adult signatures for $1 ea. on the bus. everyone had a planner that had to be signed by a parent every day. they made about 200, but they never got caught. I did not learn about it until they were in h.s.
Skipping phys ed many, many times
Parent-teacher book when i was 7
I forgot to get a signature from my mom for a class trip. It was the days deadline and I had no other time. Texted her rq before class started and asked if I could forge her signature, she said go for it, so I did.
i started forging my mom’s signature in middle school and even on things she signed i would redo it with my forgery just in case, all the way through the end of high school ironically the one time the office got suspicious in high school when i signed myself out for a fake doctor appointment and they called my mom she backed me up and when she asked me about it i just said i needed the day off that was the end of it
Absent from school notes back in middle school. I skipped a lot. My sister would call in for me the day of and either her or I would write the note when I went back.
What's something you hope to give to your children that you never got?
stable home
A loving family
An open dialogue
Full, unsupervised access to food/drink. In a healthy way.
Freedom to choose their belief
Openness. My mom has always kind of.. ignored me on some level. She was basically emotionally neglectful, and whenever I reached out to her for support she always shot me down. I never want to make any child of mine feel like I’ll reprimand them for feeling things.
What are some really cool idioms in your language?
“Moon ah run,til day light ketch am” It means you can try to get away with something but sooner or later you will be caught !lol.
I'm pretty sure I'm an idiot anyway, in all languages.
What's the best age gap in relationships?
Half your age plus seven
no more than a year or two in my opinion
Whatever my age is at the time and the age of consent wherever I happen to be
1 year to 10 years age gap.
A few years.
2 years
Legal? Idk.....everyone has their kinks.
I’d say 3 years
2-6, in my opinion. Although, even an 8 year gap can sound normal. Around me, 2-6 is the norm I see, but age gaps can be a little flexible as long as it’s not creepy/weird level.
If she's not 20 years younger than me, she disgusts me.
Parents of Reddit,What’s the worst thing your kids/kid can do before you hate them?
There’s nothing
Cops of Reddit, how do you treat the cops that end up doing something really bad? (Example being killing/abusing an innocent person or doing some corrupt stuff we see on social media) ?
One shot and the river stops. 😂
If someone is gaslighting you, do you know, or do you recognise what is happening?
Oh yeah all the time. Got some practice from dealing with people like that in the past
I'm so confident in my memory that if someone offers a different account, I don't even consider it. So I probably wouldn't even notice. I like to imagine anyone who has tried it on me got very frustrated.
I recognize I don't play cutesy in response, scorched earth with collateral damage
all the time
Nobody likes it when I whip out my journal or tape recordings of conversations. 😈
Gaslighting isnt real. It was made up make people have one more thing to distract them from their real goals and needs. If you want, I can help you with this. I'm here for you. After all, it's obvious that I'm the only person that actually cares about you. Besides, you probably wouldn't be able to do all of this without me. So, it's good to have me making things easier for you; making this make sense to you. Don't you agree?
You sound crazy. Are you feeling okay?
Go to bed grandma and stop stalking me
Assuming nukes arent used who do you think whould win ww3?
Definitely Nato
The zombie robots. You're telling me you'd bet against the zombie robots?
America simply weighs its equipment in comparison We rule the sea and sky, no one else is even close
Narnia.
It’ll always be Gandhi
What are the sides ?
China
Xenu
Vietnam.
Chuck Norris
Jesus would win
Cats
Depends on what ww3 is, nato vs the world? Nobody wins, billions die Nato vs Russia and China? Nato wins USA after Donald Trump the 9th becomes president against former nato? Nato wins.
Christians will win ww3 they’ll bring god into this and their gods will save us all and pay my bills
He Just nukes everyone even tho nukes shouldnt be used
The most basic you can think of like nato and allies vs Russia and allies
How?
That damn bastard
Cat wars be like
Ww3 where It is nato and allies vs Russia and allies, when i say allies i mean nations that whould actualy join the conflict to support the side they like the most i dont want another guy telling me china and india will fight toghether with Russia.
No bills!? Yippe!
I would say russia and allies simply because russia has been at war for 2 years now so they have some experience Europe is not prepared for a full scale war so it would basically be the us fighting alone China and india combined have a lot of bodys they could throw at nato
China has very advanced Electronic warfare stuff and also they have a huge forces
Russia can't even beat Ukraine. Are you fucking kidding
I dont think so the russian army has been destroyed in ukraine they dont have the equipment to take europe and the other nato nations are more than ready to go to war It will take time to get ready but not so much that Russia can Just come in, also india and china fighting toghether? what? China Is ready at any moment to take the far east of Russia and in case of war where thing get bad for Russia they whould be ready to jump in to get those sweet siberian resources, india isn't as pro Russia sa people think yes both nations like each other but indians what neutrality india isn't going to die on the same hill as Russia the same thing applies to china not that the indian army could even get there there isnt a land border and from the sea they whould be easy targets for US plains. The most realist allies Russia whould have whould be Iran,Iraq,Syria,and the CSTO
The US also has that and way more of It plus there are US allies to count in the equation and they also are pretty strong
Because ukraine has been getting aid from the west and this Would not be russia alone anyways
Crazy how this dude thinks Russia could beat nato because yes,also he think china and india will just fight toghether wich Is crazy, last time i checked those two didnt really get along.
Hahaha 🤣 The US would obliterate that country in 12 hours
These kids get their world experience from video games and tiktok
Going off the fact that he thinks china and india could fight toghether you can YouTube shorts in there.
What's a red flag looking for an attorney?
If they're doing it for the money or might have a shady reputation or track record as an attorney.
They can see you right away
They're not Bar certified by the state.
If she has a short skirt
They’ve previously been disbarred. True story.
What is your favourite coincidence?
That the moon and the sun are the perfect size and distance appart that we get total solar eclipses
Why Reddit is biased?
1. Redditors are mostly young Americans, and mostly single males. Their opinions differ from that of the US in general and the world. 2. The karma system makes every subreddit into an echo chamber, where disagreeing opinions are quickly downvoted to oblivion, and on some subreddits, the resulting negative karma total prevents further posts from dissenters.
How is babby formed?
Everyone has a bias towards something
Young (confidently incorrect) people with anonymity and egos
Humans make over 20% of the posts.
Demographics
Demographics
it skews young and probably lower middle class to working class
Why is reddit biased against the same things
[Serious] How do you help yourself with depression and anxiety?
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
My cats give me a reason to get out of bed everyday
Sunlight and walks with music
By going outside to someplace relaxing or for a drive while listening to my favorite music.
Therapy
I Exercise i picked up boxing and it helped me.
It will sound contradictory, but since I secured the necessary material to put an end to everything, as if it were a pack of cigarettes for a smoker, I have been calmer and my suicidal thoughts have diminished. Almoust banished completely The peace of mind of having it, I guess.
Alcohol
Same. I miss my cat so bad😭
What is a popular movie that is loved by many but you just cannot enjoy?
Frozen. I just don’t watch Disney stuff anymore.
LOTR and Star Wars. Snooze fest!
I’ve tried to get into the Star Wars franchise so many times.
Anything from the Marvel Cinematic Universe
Lord Of The Rings
The Titanic
The Hunger Games - Gone with the Wind - The Godfather - All YA movies and of course all Fast and Furious movies.
guardians of the galaxy, deadpool
Star wars
I’ll start, inglorious bastards. Watched that movie twice and still haven’t finished it, bored the life out of me. Another is probably once upon a time in Hollywood. Sorta liked it, but I did not enjoy it as much as I thought I would.
Anything with Sharknado in the title. i cringe just thinking about it.
A Christmas Story. It's tacky and charmless to me.
"The Shawshank Redemption". I just find it slow af and overly sentimental.
Anchorman. The humor goes right over my dumb little head.
Star Wars
Avengers, Dune, Barbie.
At first I didn't like it but it's decent not as good as people say but I'd definitely watch it again
Watching The Empire Strikes Back right now!!
Amen 🙏🏼
Tried to watch it. Too long.
Hell naw bruh, the titanic is one of the greatest films I’ve ever seen. You gotta give it another chance.
I liked hunger games 1. I also liked the godfather
Loved by many?
Damn, I think it’s one of the greatest films ever made imo.
I've seen it several times but I find it a bit boring, plus she could move over and save Jack too
It was a thing for a while. Used to hear people talking about it. Quoting the movie etc. I would assume if they are talking about it then they enjoyed the movie then and probably would still enjoy it now.
I guess it boils down to a different taste.
What are some entertaining or funny YouTube videos sure to please a crowd?
Rhett and Links old stuff
by Popstar Nima NSFW
Doodling in math
mr beast
Ozzy Man Reviews
will always be a favorite. The fact that he  just makes me want to meet him more.
If you could communicate with one species of animal, which would you choose and why?
Capybara. I need to know how they are so chill.
Crows. They’re quite intelligent. I’d imagine conversations with them would be highly interesting
Bears. We could help each other a lot honestly
Elephants - I must know what they can do with their trunks when the cameras arent rolling
Cats, I wonder what my cats saying, she meows at people a lot and I know she’s gotta be saying something
Horse. They are majestic, strong and display broad range of emotions
Dogs of course.
Rhinos because they seem so chill. Such gentle giants.
Bees. So I could find out how fucked we actually are.
Bugs if that counts but if you literally mean species, probably carpenter ants or like honey bees. Some kinda species with a hierarchy so I could make lots of friends at once and not send them at my enemies or anything
Cat cause i have one and i’d love to speak to her
Flies. Yes they don’t live very long but imagine all the gossip. The inside scoop on absolutely everything. You could find out what people really think of you. I would bribe them with food and get them to do my evil bidding.
Also solid tips on races wouldn't hurt.
What’s the best random people chat app on IOS/Android?
Not sure but avoid YUBO and WIZZ💀
Telegram? Discord? Kik?
I used Yubo when it used to be called Yellow. It has changed a a lot it used to just be girls stripping when they got a certain amount of views 🤣
How would I find random people to talk to on discord? I only really use it for when I’m playing on my PC, telegram is mainly just used for all things illegal and Kik is still a thing???
There will definitely be random people to talk to if you join a group chat with a ton of people in it. Unless you mean without that in a global setting, then I'm not sure really.
How's the experience of Reddit for the time you used?
A lot of everything. It’s not as bad as other people made it out to be in my opinion
It was good. It was nice to be in a community with likeminded people.
A bit overwhelming with the amount of content and also lots of different internet culture/memes/things I don't know, but full of supportive subreddits, and lots of information!
It's gone downhill quite a bit in the past year or so.
Joined to interact with people that have different views then mine that I wanted to understand. Got called names 95 percent of the time due to asking questions. Gave up, mostly became a troll, and I haven't learned why I should give a shit about various ideologies from reddit. Thank god real-life was still an option.
I am addicted already😫
I realized a lot of users are left leaning and do not like when you bring opposing opinions to their safe space. A lot of really smart people though.. you can find some good answers to questions that don't involve politics.
I was so confused on how it works
me too bro..me too
me too bro
There are good and bad everywhere!!
Young Americans- do you see yourself ever able to purchase a home & live with financial security? If yes, how?
it's a choice that I will make if the opportunity becomes available to me, but for now it isn't and won't be for many years.
How old is young?
Absolutely! The name of the game is compound growth. The earlier you start investing the quicker the growth effect shall be. This requires sacrifice and discipline.
Hmmm 18-35 I’d say. I’m thinking about millennials and Gen Z that were handed a shitty country to try and survive in
The Great Depression would like to have a word with you.
Yes, that was a very difficult time. This, too, is a very difficult time.
Today isn't remotely close. Even adjusted for inflation, on average, everyone makes 6.7 times more now than they did during the Great Depression. Imagine even buying food then, much less a roof over your head, if you even were lucky enough to land any kind of job.
A new house also cost around $4,000 back then. Depending on where you live, it’s 10-20x or even more expensive than that today.
Boxers/MMA fighters/any type of people who perform in extremely stressful situations, that also have IBD/IBS/or some type of gastrointestinal issue. How do you deal with it leading up to it and right before eating-wise and or medicinal?
What’s your wildest convo opener you’ve sent?
I usually open conversations with weird photos the painting of a fish rowing a boat is a particular favorite
This girl I met on apex legends discord called me with her chest fully out. We weren't even flirting or anything
People who repo cars, whats your craziest experience while doing your job?
What is the longest you’ve gone without from the time you lost your virginity or started masturbating?
Since I started masturbating maybe a week
14 years
I started masturbating at 12 age, Now i am 22, maximum I have gone is 14 days without masturbating. It's tough not to do it.
Probably 2 weeks if i was sick
About 5 years.
Never counted. Probably a few weeks.
20 minutes I think
The longest six weeks of my life, following surgery. Apart from that, I have a half century of daily orgasms on average 😋
What song has a beautiful melody but is ruined by the lyrics?
Darude - Sandstorm
Stargate the tv series intro was quite dramatic had . NEVER Listen to this you cannot unhear this.
What exercise did you do this weekend?
Cried while reading books
Pilates and walking
I did a whole lot of 12 oz curls
Cardio or walking in the park
Saturday is chest and triceps day today is leg day
Edging.
Lots of walking, squats, light dumb bell upper body work out and some push ups.
cowgirl
Maybe 4 - 6 miles walking in hilly brushy terrain, cleaned out a pond overflow that was clogged with a tangle of branches and mud, moved in a pile of lumber for upcoming renovation work and did a little tear down of sheet rock and insulation, hauled away the scraps. Oh yeah built a little scaffolding for the project. Decided not to begin actual work on it due to strong storms expected tonight.
Played volleyball with my friend
Walked 5 miles on Saturday and today.
Which artist is the type of person to make a diss track on their rival in their rival's studio?
What's a classic movie that you believe everyone should see at least once?
Airplane!✈️
Schindlers list
Mean Girls & Legally Blonde
The Shawshank Redemption
Forbidden Planet
Robcop.
The Wizard of Oz or possibly It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World
Capernaum
Coach carter
Glory
Saving Private Ryan
Raising Arizona
Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol
The "Nervous? First time?" Joke is one I'm still itching to use when given the opportunity.
Definitely one of the more underrated movies of the 1980s. Helped launch Frances McDormand's career.
What’s your deepest darkest secret ?
Gimme a  built out of  and I'll tell you.
I am a fairy
why would someone state their deepest darkest secret here ?
I like watching you from inside your closet.
What are the subtle signs that indicate a Redditor is going to ask about subtle signs?
No idea but I’m sure it’d be subtle
Languages suck! A universal language would benefit us all. So why don't we have one yet?
Because human diversity is better than human uniformity.
The main reason I think languages suck is the gap in knowledge between different folks. And this alone causes the suffering of soooo many
Because Esperanto caught on so well.
"Fuck You" is understood in every language and dialect know.
Mathematics would be the ideal universal language but so many people don’t understand it
American English should be the universal language
Which language should be the universal one?
Humans can be different even if they are using the same language. But knowledge can be unified which makes it easier for everyone to participate in advancing humanity.
Why do you think there’s a big gap in knowledge? What specific examples are you referencing ?
Yeah that's pretty universal
I agree….because I already speak it. lol,
Because?
None of the languages used today. A new optimized one that is better than any.
If all of humanity could magically be transformed into using the exact same language, after a few decades it would evolve into a bunch of mutually unintelligible dialects and then languages, much like how Latin evolved into a multiplicity of Romance languages, or how on a larger scale, Indo-European evolved into a vast number of languages mutually unintelligible.
Science is the biggest gap. Why would someone studying engineering in Vietnam (for example) have to learn English as an adult/teenager or any other language to have access to better resources. Why doesn't this person speak the hypothetical universal language since day one and all the resources are in this universal language. So the person wouldn't have the need to learn a new language to learn more. (It is only a waste of the collective human mind). The same thing applies for medicine, political science, philosophy ....etc.
Everyone speaks American English the same. We have a standard set of rules. Other languages have a lot of variations. Also English is already the most used language.
People today, especially Americans, would be too stupid to learn a completely new language.
Where I come from we some 400 million people speak the same language with around 15 different major dialects, dialects help each nation to have its own identity and culture (and most of them develop/diverted because of occupation by other countries). But we also speak and write in a standard language that is understood by all 400 million. That is Arabic. Is that the best solution? Idk but that would be for the experts to decide. And there should be a way of preventing the hypothetical language from diverging and preventing it from changing locally, changes should be universal as well.
Well yeah English can be a good start then. Linguists and experts are the one to decide what language that should be, if it's an existing one or some new one. I don't know if you speak any other languages tbh. But all languages are weird and have their own variations, including the English spoken in the US.
Oh and everyone does not speak American English. Americans count for less than 400 millions, humans are 8 billions.
Not easy. It's a generational evolution that takes decades and centuries. It won't happen between day and night of course.
Are you self hating or just the stereotypical Reddit European?
I'm both European and American
If this was ancient mythical times what would you be the god of?
Indecision. I think. Maybe.
Hunters.
Pedantry.
Cooking
Determination
What is the best way to run a reverse image search via a video?
What's the most unconventional superpower you wish you had, even if it was just for comedic effect?
Whenever someone eats a donut, I gain five minutes of seeing through the eyes of a random lizard in Arizona.
Whenever someone says 'bananas' you fart uncontrollably for 8 seconds
making people get life-threatening diarrhea anytime by thinking it, regardless of distance.
Spontaneous combustion whenever I want and then I respawn at home.
Never having to pee.
The ability to make anything turn monochrome for as long as I want. Imagine doing that to the President
What was the worst thing a teacher has said to you?
After a stupid project, we were directed to write a reflection about what we learned and told to be "totally honest." When I wrote I didn't learn anything, the teacher pulled me to the hallway and told me "You're so condescending. You will never succeed in college because professors won't like you." I graduated from college summa cum laude and I always wanted to go wave my diploma in her face. She herself was an arrogant and condescending witch.
after mathematically demonstrating a equation to him, he told me who is the teacher, you or me?
They called me a ch—-k ya know the Asian slur. Now in days looking back it was kinda funny because I barely look Chinese I’m mixed Sino-Khmer but lean more Khmer looking.
Told me that I would have to repeat the fourth grade because I failed to understand how to indent a paragraph. (the teacher had no clue how to explain it. she kept saying that unless an indentation was as big as your thumb, it wasn’t valid, or something like that)
I had a substitute teacher bc our teacher was pregnant (i think). This man was unreal, he threw a book at a kid and almost hit the kids head, he litrally kicked out a student out of his class. Lots of kids in my class already were going to the pricipal bc we didn't want to deal with him anymore. Then either the last are second to last day he was our substitute he took his chair and sat in the middle up front, crossing his legs and being quiet for like 2 minutes, we were all very confused when he goes "you all are donkey, you are all failures and will never get into highschool and if you do you will be kicked out in atleast a month." He degrated us some more till class was over. Almost everyone that day went to the principal to complain. He wasn't a substitute anymore but we sometimes saw him in other classes "helping" when there was a test.
I'm a Japanese and I was in a Japanese school. In the English class, the teacher, who's Japanese too (and don't speak English at all), taught us like "Fuck is absolutely the worst word. If you say this word, you could be shot by the stranger because they have a gun." I was like "???, but a lot of movies, shows, music, stars say that word tho...". On the other hands, he taught us like "Nigger/negro means black people. No offensive meaning here.".
My ROTC instructor asked me to join the wrestling team. Broke my arm the first day.
In fourth grade I was being punished by having to write a paragraph many times. The teacher said to me that she will have me do it even if it takes me the whole year. She then said to me “I’m a tough cookie.” She was not a nice teacher. She often punished me.
He asked me why i had acne
I will never make it
Had an Einstein of a 7th grade science teacher who decided to seat the class in order of their current grade. I loved science and was put in the second seat. Miss Prissy Popular had the first seat and refused to have a social pariah sitting behind her. I said I had the grade and earned the spot. Miss Prissy threw a tantrum. Einstein said, "We'll let the class decide." You can guess how it went. Killed my interest in science and I never again worked at excelling in a class.
Grade 8 the second time around. English Teacher straight said I wasn't passing. I don't know if she knew it was my second year or not and was going to be passed on to grade 9 due to age limits. I gave her so much hell cause she drew first blood. I actually used to draw comics with her included called "Spikeman and the 3 laziest heros". Used to tape them up around the school. I believe I left Middle School with about 400 detentions left to serve. Principal was glad to pass me to the High School.
one time a teacher straight up threw my binder at me and called me a spoiled brat. mr madray if u read this u a btch this is why ur wife left u for a white man
In 5th grade the teacher handed out candy bars to everyone in the class but me. After class I asked the teacher why I didn’t get a candy bar and she said I think you’ve had enough candy bars (I was a chubby kid)
Not a teacher, but my high school counselor told me I would never amount to anything in life. Not that he was a driving factor, but five years later I had my bachelor’s degree in engineering. About five years after that I interviewed his son for a job on my design team. Yes I hired him, told him what his dad told me my senior year in high school. His dad was still an ass.
Perhaps your artwork would be more suited for a "younger" audience.
I’m only warning you that it’s best to just say “n word” than actually saying the word. It can get you in trouble with a lot of people
What's the weirdest thing you've seen that you cannot explain?
Shadow people standing above/beside my wife at night.
3 very tall thin faceless beings standing by a neighbors’ car as I drove past.
rtx bugged irl and no reflection in the mirror it scared the living shit outta me and i started to wearing diapers everytime i go to bed
What are some first world problems that people from third world countries can't even think of?
People from the third world know a lot more about us than we know about them. It is doubtful there is a first world problem that they do not know about.
Cultural appropriation.
Homeowners associations
Trying to eradicate clover from your lawn. The struggle is real.
Skipping avocado on toast to save on calories.
Deciding if your kid can have their own PC or that they have to keep on using yours
You're right to some extent but there are bound to be some problems that people from third world countries don't know about.
What does avocado even taste like? 🤔
What was the worst thing you’ve seen while out in public?
Woman getting her pussy finger blasted by a guy on the hood of a car while at a festival Children walking around of course
A man beating the shit out of his woman
An homeless woman convulsioning, I think she's dead now.
Last year, I was behind a grocery store delivering, when a man pulled up quickly in his car, got out, pulled down his pants, and took a dump. He pulled up his pants, got back in his car, and sped off.
A man jerking off in a crowded place
Context?
Punch Out (2009 Wii) fans, who is your most favorite giga chad fighter?
For me it’s, DiscoKid, Von Kaiser,Piston Hondo/Honda, Mr sandman and Glass Joe
What is a secret that someone told you away from other people?
One of my younger coworkers recently told me she’s never had a boyfriend.
It wouldnt be a secret if i told you cunt.
Nice try
why be told you’re the life of the party but you’re hardly ever invited to events?
You get too fucked up potentially
They told you that you're the life of the party sarcastically. The life of the party can take over the proceedings and ruin it, thinking everyone approves of their antics.
Your friends suck, you deserve better ones
Maybe as in you're a source of jokes for your two-faced friends?
You probably get too drunk and start causing problems. You were told you were the life of the party when it was a party that needs that kind of attention.
Actually no one at any of the get togethers I’ve been to has out drank me and my old buddies have told numerous times to people when they asked them if I will be okay since they’ve seen me go back to my coolers many times and they all said cake boy is the most sober out of all of us. Hell many of their other halves wouldn’t let them out unless I was there since I was the most responsible out of the group, even though I would be the one to drink the most.
Actually no since their other halves wouldn’t let them out unless I was there since I was the most responsible out of the group, even though I would be the one to drink the most. They have been to some gatherings and saw how much I could drink.
Wait so numerous people ask your buddies if you’ll be okay when they see you drunk?
You just backed up my entire statement. 'saw how much I could drink.' and 'even though I would be the one to drink the most.' Its not just how responsible you are. You can still be too much if you get too drunk and be the most responsible person out there. And actions speak louder than words. Odds are they arent gonna tell you that you are becoming a problem when drunk because they dont wanna upset you or just dont want that drama. So they'd just not let you know when shit's happening.
No they asked that because they saw that I was making trips to my cooler many times after just seeing me grab a couple bottles 5mins ago, Since I drink alcohol like it is water when at get togethers.
All of that makes sense. I definitely agree with the original comment, it’s very plausible that you drink too much. It’s hard to see it sometimes.
Everyone you know think you died, what do you do?
I post an IG story ''i'm alive''
Attend my funeral and go up to speak
Finally be free,
Breath a sigh of relief and get on with my business in peace.
Go for a midnight walk to their neighbourhoods
What?
Haunt them
Scare people
How Likely is it that biden will win in 2024?
HOW IS IT that we have these 2 clowns as our only choices to RUN OUR COUNTRY? It’s so pathetic. I wouldn’t choose either to run a Starbucks and here they are trying to run a whole a nation?! 2024 politics suck. Everyone hates everyone and it’s sad..
Joe Biden's chances probably aren't as high as he wishes they were. Anger over inflation, concerns about his age, and alienation of progressive voters because of the ongoing war in Gaza are all weighing him down.
Idunno dude, go as r/politics
100%
Extremely, Biden is actually in a great position. Trump is not a strong candidate, he has grown more mentally deranged and to most people, he sounds like a sore loser. He lost 4 years ago and he still complains about it. To most people that makes him a sore loser. During the last midterm there was supposed to be a "red wave" this is because Biden had record inflation and was seen as weak, this red wave never happened. Because republicans fucked up and got rid of abortion rights
He won't be on the ballot. The plan, which is leaking out, is for him to win the primary votes and be nominated on the first day of the convention, but to immediately make an announcement thanking his supporters but for health reasons he cannot continue running for president. The convention will then pick an alternative, probably Newsom.
A slightly better shot at winning in 2024 than Donald Trump that's for sure.
As of today, I think Biden has a 60% chance of winning. Given Trump's trajectory, I wouldn't be surprised to see Biden's chances improve before the election. I think there's a 99% chance that, regardless of who wins the electoral college, Biden will win the popular vote.
The like is in. And it is good. Boe Jiden for congress 2042.
Basically 100%
He better not ... his vacation home is down the road from me and it's annoying as fuck when they're here . The secret service dudes are sexy but besides that I'm done with him
No crap, it's really pathetic.
Where have you read that exactly?
Why?
Gavin Newsom will guarantee Trump wins. Californians tried to fire him a few years ago. This would be a very on brand move for the DNC.
What brand of tinfoil do you prefer for your hat?
Yes, your mild inconvenience is much more important than our democracy. Goddamn, people suck.
Probably r/conspiracy. Ridiculous.
His papaw told him at dinner
Lol binden and trump suck - we can do better
Former 80's teenagers, are 80's based modern TV shows accurate?
Not at all. The real 80s were a lot cooler and scarier than they are depicted on 80s-themed TV shows today.
I watched a show set in the 80s recently. I can't remember right now what it was. It was pretty close, but what ruined it for me the most is that with the 80s slang they used, a lot of it was pretty accurate, but occasionally they threw in a slang word that really wasn't in use yet at the time.
What is not “just like the movies”?
Car chases. Unless it's Bullet
Guns. Just like.. everything.
The hot girl typically doesn't fall for the geek
Sex is more involved than just hopping on and off each other.
Sex. There's no way we're not sweaty or have perfect make up on...also sliding it in first time is kinda rare lmaoo. I have to help my bf in
Medieval battles. Not enough spears, armor too ineffective.
Hacking. Dude is on a keyboard for 5 seconds and “I’m in!”
Childbirth, mostly waters don't break to signal the start of labour.
Rain. Movie rain be like an atmospheric river, every time.
The sound of gunshots. They don’t sound like the ones in movies. In real life, they sound more like firecrackers.
Movie orgasms are… anticlimactic.
Wrong, obviously. This is what ruined the hit movie Hackers (1995) because they didn't say that once.
What’s your favourite ‘underrated’ website?
reddit
There was a site called WriteTube where you could “post whatever, get whatever”. You just had to post something, whether it was a rant, a poem, a song lyric, gibberish, even a fucked up sexual fantasy. Then with each click you saw other people’s random posts. No search function, no user profiles, no rating system, nothing. Just pure.
Newgrounds
Ilovepdf. A free site where i can merge, separate, convert documents to pdf
Personally, Pinterest is at the top of my list. Always had the best algorithm for content dating back years - so useful for creatives.
You’ve won.
Omg I forgot all about newgrounds! We were huge Sasper fans in college!
What did you wanna be when you grow up and what’s your current occupation?
I wanted to be a professional criminal. I did not end up doing that, but I did a lot of other shit.
Farmer and now I' am a farmer.
I wanted to write books, but I'm in school, writing something else.
I wanted to be an actress or a writer. Then I realized I wanted to be economically stable, so I am now a project manager.
An adult, now I’m an adult and it sucks
When I was a kid, the Apollo missions were still underway, and I wanted to be an astronaut. Because that was the future. Right now? I work in the autonomous vehicle industry. Self-driving cars. I work in the future, just...not one I could have imagined back then.
I wanted to be a pirate for a really long time, but since the pirates of the 21st century aren't exactly like the ones from the Pirates of the Caribbean, I had given up on the dream and instead, I have a boring office based job. What a waste of potential :(
A vet, I’m a qualified mental health associate working in my nursing degree
I wanted to be a Historian and I'm a loser.
I wanted to be a police and i’m not majoring in economics haha
Where to park a small caravan in Canberra cheap?
In Perth.
Perth
In what circumstances is the insult "I hope the devil sodomizes you in hell until your rectum prolapses" appropriate?
only when arguing with your mother
In cards against humanity
If someone asks, “is this seat taken?”
Your little brother ate the last of the taquitos.
What are some easy-to-swallow pills that some people really need to take?
Other people actually exist besides you, so be mindful of that.
That your freedoms are the same as the rest of humanity, yours aren’t more important or different, they are the same.
What genitals someone else has or doesn't have doesn't effect you in the slightest.
And are incredibly more fragile than we'd like to admit
redditors who quit their real job to pursue what was once a side-hustle, what happened?
What thing happened to you that you can't find an explanation for?
I was in a coma after a car accident with a hypoxic brain. Family was told I wouldn’t make it through the night. The next morning I woke up and my brain was back to normal. When the doc was asked how that happens all he said is “it doesn’t”.
What do you think about Drake Bells directors writing letters to the judge defending his assaulter (Brian Peck) while still filming the show with him?
One of the guys who wrote a letter ended up in an episode of Drake & Josh. I think he was in the dune buggy episode.
What's your best insult in a foreign language you don't really understand, but memorized this one thing?
Oruspu (if that’s how it’s spelled)
What's the weirdest dream/ lucid dream that you ever experienced?
What was your last Google search?
"Numb hands, sore stomach, dizziness" I felt sick and was trying to google my symptoms 😂 (thanks health anxiety!)
'Beans on toast vs spaghetti hoops on toast popularity UK' aha
Recipe for oven-baked ribs. They were delicious!
How to make a mudslide (the drink)
Why aren't celebrities that admit doing drugs in the past arrested?
What are the police gonna do? Time travel to the past to arrest them while they’re doing them?
If the cops don't catch you in posession of drugs or paraphernalia, they don't have probable cause. It's not worth their time to arrest you, celebrity or not.
Because people can say anything. Celebrities embellish their stories all the time. You kind of have to - it's real easy for an anecdote to sound lame coming out of George Clooney's mouth.
If they’re sober now, why would you punish them?
Thats not a crime
It's hearsay. There's no assurance that they aren't lying about it, and it would be a waste of time.
What seems far fetched about space but indeed is fact?
Saturn is less dense than water - and is the only planet in our solar system that has this trait. That means, if you could find a bathtub/ocean/body of water big enough, Saturn would float like an ice cube.
If you shot a bullet in any direction (and the bullet could escape earth's gravity) It is incredibly more likely that it would never hit anything. This is again ignoring gravitational pull. Meaning that there is soooo much more nothing than something in space.
What’s something your friend said that you thought was a joke but they were dead serious?
“I am going to kick him in the balls”. Man, she was serious.
What makes you unique?
DNA, I guess
I'd go down on Darkeater Midir if I could.
I sold my soul to a psychopathic freak
Being myself
I write 1000+ page novel epics like others eat candy.
Fingerprint
Nothing
Im 6 foot 7
What are the most interesting facts about the field you work in?
It’s not that hard to make 6 figures. It’s almost more important to be liked than good.
People will spend money on fancy faucets for their home but won’t spend money on waterproofing the foundation. They say it’s too expensive.
What are odd scents that you like?
The smell of a freshly-extinguished match or candle.
the smell of kerosene oil 😋
Pool water
sharpies
the smell of wet cement
I personally like the smell of warm tiles cooling down after being in the sun all day especially in summer after sunset. Not met anyone who thought the same
The smell of wet mud.
Gasoline
WD-40.
Jet Fuel, I am an AvGeek I especially love that smell of the smell of it in the early morning hours.
The smell reminds me of birthday cakes
I agree, That smell will always make me think of my younger brother. He used to do competitive swimming.
If you could have one wish right now, what would it be?
I would wish I didn't have to worry about money
That there would never again be wars. That everyone in the world would live in happiness and peace.
Give my dog the happiest life till it ends.
Would wish for more wishes, then wish for simple stuff first do more research about war, poverty, and diseases so i don't mess anything up.
My dad’s Parkinson’s would disappear.
Unlimited money to pay for school and a house
Bigger boobs.
£1 billion tax free in my bank account
More wishes
get the $86 dollar help from someone
A cookie
A sugar daddy
To have my parents back.
Same x235799
Cute😭
Would be my second wish haha
smart
take that 🍪
What were you surprised at the 1st time you saw the opposite sex naked?
My first thought was "Yep, I am definitely gay"
Never have, so idk
(NSFW Sound)
“Thats ugly”
The labia situation.
his thing was really small lol
What's your most bizarre encounter with a stranger that still leaves you wondering?
When did you realize that your child was no longer a child?
When my daughter went to her boyfriend first after a soccer game. She saw me standing a few feet away after a couple of minutes of talking to him and then said “oh. I didn’t see you there.” Happened a couple of days ago, and yeah that’s going to take a while to adjust to.
When a grandchild fixed my phone.
when they bragged to me about giving a blowjob... ok miss... time to change my energy about you
Caught him searching “boobs” on the family laptop.
After the “sma-smorshin”
According to my mother, never. /put on some socks, her feet are cold
W-w-what??
What's the worst thing a "friend" has done to you?
spread lies about me at school
Spread total lies about me. I liked a girl that he also liked, so he claimed I said I was going to drug her. I wouldn't even think of doing that, but he had the idea in his mind, makes me wonder. Either way, that ruined my reputation through high school, all because of a lie.
Spread lies to make my entire friend group block and avoid me.
Tryna kill me, snitched on me to justice/family/enemies, used me for what I got to get females…
Not a friend, but an school colleague and an neighbor who holded a grudge against me. They pretend to other people they're my friends to ruin my reputation spreading things about me whit help of criminal people.
Pointed a loaded gun at my head
Talking behind my back
stole money... never been a ´´friend´´
I had a classmate in high school start a friendship with me and he went and started saying I was trying to get with him and that I wanted to leave my current boyfriend after some random Snapchat conversation, so the rumor that I was cheating on my boyfriend would get around and he would dump me. Turns out said “friend” was recruited by some girl who hated me to try and get me and my boyfriend to break up. Typical high school drama
Told everyone in school who my crush was. Before you say “wow big deal” I know. I just learned to keep better company since then, so thankfully no worse examples.
Stole my whole months worth of anxiety meds. Even drove me to the police station to file a report.
She kept telling us she wanted to kill herself, she wanted to end her life. It didn’t matter what we did or said, she was depressed and would vent about it almost everyday. We once told her to cool it on an emoji spam streak she was on, and she got so upset we had to apologizing for just politely asking to not do it so much. I felt so trapped in that friendship with her, I only got out a little while ago. I do not miss it, feeling like I was on eggshells away from her death.
Stolen my crush and got pregnant by him by spite.
Not invited me to her birthday party
Raped me to try to fix me when I confided in them about my sexuality.
It’s crazy how fast and how many people will believe lies before the truth. People believe what they want to believe. When they are dead set on not liking you, they will believe anything negative.
That's it? One lie? That feels like a lot.
Who has lived a life that reads like an adventure novel?
I give up - who?
My grandfather, my dad, hopefully me
Me - reality is stranger than fiction. Let me tell ya
John Wick?
Theodore Roosevelt.
What do you genuinely think resulted in Moscow being hit by ISIS?
Putin is a fucking delusional moron who's more paranoid than a pothead with a pound in Pennsylvania. Let me be clear because this might go public later: The US gave Russia real time details. We told them ISIS operatives were doing physical surveillance of the targets weeks prior. All they had to do is not leave the target completely unguarded with unarmed fucking security guards. We gave them PICTURES of ISIS surveilling of the target from their own phones. Putin let it happen so he could try to blame Ukraine instead of ISIS. He is an evil bastard, and the US tried to save the lives of Russian citizens. The US has dual citizens in Russia. We can't let a terror plot be hatched in Russia without warning the target. We have morals, they're barbarians. They wouldn't warn us.
Islamic extremists living in a country allied with Russia who russia was supplying with weapons.
That ISIS is a terrorist group and that happened to be a target they managed to gain access to that would have a good impact in western media.
It is SO easy to hate Russia. They're much more vulnerable now than they were years ago because they're spread too thin. Consider this paragraph from this source:  "Although the term 'ethnic cleansing' was coined during the Bosnian conflict of the mid-1990s, the concept previously existed on a similar scale in the USSR. During the second world war several Muslim ethnic groups were brutally deported from their homeland republics at great cost of life and forced to live in exile in Siberia and Central Asia. This crime against humanity went largely unnoticed by the outside world as this example of ethnocide (the eradication of an ethnic group's language, sense of collective identity, customs, etc.) was overlooked in the general conflagration of the second world war. One of the groups to undergo ethnic cleansing in the USSR at this time was the Crimean Tatars, who were forced to languish in Central Asia as a helot class working in the factories of this desert region until the 1990s. It was only with the collapse of the USSR that westerners gained access to both the exiled Crimean Tatar settlements of Uzbekistan (Central Asia) and long off-limits KGB documents detailing the events surrounding the deportation. This article is the first based on newly-declassified KGB documents and field research in this previously off-limits exiled nation and aims to reconstruct the largely untold story of the ethnic cleansing of this ancient Muslim people. The case of the Crimean Tatar exile has wide applications for those doing comparative work on transgenerational efforts to sustain diasporic group identity among groups in exile (such as the Armenians, Tutsis, Palestinians, etc.), as well as those researching the causes and effects of ethnic cleansing in (post)-communist Eurasia." I'm not going to label ISIS as a champion of Muslims, but I can see why they consider Russian heartland to be an easier target now than it once was. It's a way to stay in the headlines and push their funding. Lots of people right now have political and emotional reasons to support a group that's going to strike at the heart of Moscow.
how the fuck would i know
NATO + ISIS + Ukraine + America. All of them in one trench
I wish awards were still here 🏅
I’m sorry if I asked a difficult question, forgive me.
How’d you reach that conclusion if you don’t mind me asking ?
Thank you for your question... 1- America was using Al-Qaeda and Bin Laden in the war against the communists and was arming them (the end justifies the means), and there are many meetings between Al-Qaeda and the rulers of America 2- Trump says Obama and Hillary are the foundation of ISIS (America does not establish anything... America supports the idea) 3- Many video clips have appeared of ISIS fighters fighting in Ukraine, and I saw it myself in an ISIS advertisement 4- Ukraine sells some Western weapons to ISIS in exchange for a large amount of money in order to support the economy 5- Russia is the first enemy of ISIS because it is the main reason why it lost Syria 6 - The enemy of my enemy is my friend 7- Israel asked America to support ISIS under the pretext that there is a giant gas field between Syria and Turkey and Israel is planning to destroy Syria to control those lands (but this is just talk for which I have not found evidence, frankly).
What are the difficulties of having sex with someone with a large height difference?
Nothing it's god damn amazing.
Once you're lying down in bed, the height thing just isn't a big deal. My partner is 8 inches taller than me and we're fine, lol.
Taller boy usually means taller dick in general and oh the fun of having your cervix hit is not for everyone.
Mostly fine. We struggle with doggie but we adapt
None
Nothing in fact it’s better. I’m 6’4” wife is 4’11”
Sex standing up. I have to stand on my tippy toes while he stands in a kind of squatting down position. Not ideal for either of us
Can’t do it in the shower
This girls dating Shaq or somethin
Every short girl who's experienced knows oh no 8" plus is a huge problem. Some size Queens love it but it ain't for every comparability.
What is the nastiest part of your counties history ?
Slavery
Heck, I don't even know which towns are in my county.
Well…. Probably the nazis and the holocaust
'merica? Lol The audacity maybe ..
Partition
we murdered malcolm x’s dad
Slavery
Slavery and Klan
Could be any country.
Except Germany
Yeah. Lol. All of the axis countries.
a bit true germany oficaly only became a country in 1870
The Germans didn’t make people work in concentration camps?
I feel like genocide is worse than slavery
What are things from your first relationship that you thought were normal but are not?
Lovebombing, codependency, becoming isolated from everyone else, always taking the blame for everything
Being with a narcissist
What do you think happens when we die?(serious)
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
You go to the lake of fire and fry
Personally i find it beyond comprehension that its just the same as before we were born and/or just like being under anaesthesia. I did see a theory something along the lines of us being schrodingers cat, people don’t know on the outside if we are dead but we have to be alive inside the box because we know we’re inside the box or some shit. Basically saying our consciousness transfers to a parallel universe. But there’s so many different possibilities it keeps me up at night
Same sorts of things that happened before you were born, and happened while you were alive. Except you were here for the ones while you were alive and people told you about the ones before you were born. News flash: all sorts of interesting shit is still going to happen after you no longer exist.
Science things including the stuff that we can't prove or disprove. We are energy and it can't be created or destroyed so it's possible a chunk of us goes somewhere other than the earth . Reincarnation seems most likely to be true if anything
The ones that love us miss us
I think there's just nothing
A lot of screaming and cursing, at least in my case.
You just go poof and you're in another life. Hopefully it'll be in another world. This one was ok until the Reptillians took over all the Earth's Governments. And I'm not joking.
My thoughts are it would be like being put under for surgery, only you don't wake up. I like to try to convince myself that reincarnation is plausible due to quantum entanglement, but that is probably a simple reaction to the fear of the concept of nothingness.
I’m not religious at all, but I truly hope there is a “heaven” and “hell”. This doesn’t have to be a literal manifestation of a place. “Hell” could be simply being reborn into the lives of people destined to suffer for all of eternity in order to pay for whatever horrible sins you committed. Heaven could be just wandering in a memory palace with all the people and animals you love for all of eternity. I think to go to heaven you have to be inherently good. You didn’t harm anybody in your entire life, you had an overall good heart and you weren’t evil. To go to hell you could’ve killed somebody, or something, or generally just had an abusive, manipulative, or bad/evil nature. I also think there’s a place in between, that those who couldn’t make it to heaven because they weren’t good enough, but couldn’t make it to hell because they weren’t evil go. These spirits are trapped on earth and generally live with regret and unease, haunting humans. That’s my general idea
You just don't exist anymore like before you were conceived.
You cease to exist as a consciousness and begin to decompose.
I mean as in like what happens to us… idk how but I can’t comprehend the loss of consciousness
Have you never had general anesthesia? IMO it’s like that - just nothing.
We cannot fathom loss of consciousness since all we've known is consciousness. We can imagine it, and intellectually grasp it, but we cannot actually "go there."
Life becomes a video game. What would some loading screen tips be?
There are no checkpoints, so be careful
"Growing up is overrated." "Adulting sucks."
Focus on the head and don't forget the balls, that's how u keep a man
“Never Eat Shredded Wheat”
What are some famous “rags to riches” stories in real life?
Giannis Antetokounmpo
Well, depending how you define famous: I used to live in my car and now have a small but mostly-paid-for house, three cars, and a career. My friends know about it, so, like I said, depends how you define famous.
a lot of them... 50 Cent, Em, Michael, Jim Carrey... so many of them, this is just off the top... like most of them... most artistic geniuses had circumstances against them
People outside of the tech industry, what are your thoughts on AI?
I think im welcoming a second luddite era.
I have two big concerns. The first is the amount of power AI uses. The second is that decisions will be made that we can't question.
I welcome anything that help me to be even more lazy.
Who has taught you the importance of kindness, and how did they do it?
Ngl, living my life with kindness has taught me that. I don’t think anyone else imparted it to me.
What is a common misconception people have about your religion/denomination?
That my lack of religion means I have no morals and can't tell right from wrong.
That because I don’t worship a God, I must worship the devil. Dumb.
100% this
I'm a Catholic and I totally believe agnostics and atheists definitely can tell right from wrong! Tbh it sounds like it's a little patronising to assume that you can't xD
How different do you think life would be if covid-19 never happened?
I would have way less anxiety
45 wouldve sailed into a 2nd term, and we'd be nearly done with it by now
I’d have to get out of my car to get groceries.
How are some users on Roblox able to follow thousands of users on the platform?
How do you get a good night's sleep?
Gummies
Heated mattress pad
Magnesium, cold room, don’t eat before bed, turn off electronics an hour before bed.
My mom taught me a neat trick. Even if you aren’t tired, just force yourself to lay down in the dark with your eyes closed. Listen to whatever environment sounds are around you. Maybe rain, the AC, the insects outside, etc. Just lay there, still, and tell yourself you don’t have to sleep, you just have to stay there. Every time I think I’m just gonna stay awake until sunrise, I surprise myself by suddenly falling asleep at some point and waking up. This has always worked for me, even when I’m wide awake lol
I've been using earbuds and listening to an app that plays rain sounds. It's improved my sleep.
Feel the breath on the inhale, relax the body on the exhale
I struggle, but: \- Not too heavy duvet \- Windows open \- Comfortable pyjamas (shorts and a t shirt) \- Sleeping not too late
Listening to a book I’ve read before. I don’t get wondering what will happen. Puts me right to sleep.
10mg THC.
Lol that’s crazy sweaty nights
when did you relize, "these are my people, i dont want to leave them"?
Man, wish I could say this about anyone
When I realized that no matter what I do, no matter what I say, they’re there to forgive me and support me. I could act like a jerk and they’d still forgive me for it, given that I apologize. I also realized that I have no one else quite like them, and no matter how much they can upset me back I will still forgive and forget too. They are perfect, in every way
What kink turns you on the most?
Succubi/incubi/werewolves- make believe monsters with a touch of evil.
Tickling
Fat/Chubby/Thicc/Curves
Anything to do with the butt
Kissing
What does the Taliban think of ISIS? Would they be jealous of all the attention they get?
the taliban and ISIS have been at war since 2015
Family guy ass sentence
They are constantly fighting each other, so I don't think they have a very good opinion of eachother I don't think Islamic terrorist organizations care that much about attention
The Taliban thinks ISIS is a bunch of religious extremists. Really.
But they always try to get attention w terrorist attacks, like the one in Moscow where they posted POV vids of it. I feel like once ISIS showed up nobody really cared about the Taliban anymore
What is the most interesting thing in your house that nobody believes you have?
A window in my washroom😅
A dinosaur bone.
a heavy wooden statue of a random grandma holding an umbrella?😭
The house itself is half a million, which was built by my grandparents. No one believes it was actually made with that amount of money.. until friends came over and basically shat themselves at how open and grand it was. I’m sitting in the living room right now, which spans about.. 24 feet? Idk, we put up a 12ft Christmas tree during the holiday and we could easily put up another 12. Nowadays when I go into people’s houses I’m like “huh, isn’t this a little small?” My friend gave me a look and said “no, your house is just fucking huge.” Still can’t get over it.
Whats the most intense intrusive thought you almost did?
In my early days of driving I had some serious intrusive thoughts. I would mentally tap out of driving in the moment and suddenly wonder “maybe I should swerve off of this little cliff and go tumbling down where I’d likely die.” I snapped back to it when I realized I was just about to put my hands in the position to do that. I don’t drive that much, intrusive thoughts are one of the reasons why I don’t.
You mean compulsive thoughts. Intrusive thoughts are thoughts that you can’t control, usually horrible and disgusting and things you have absolutely no desire to do, like killing/harming somebody you love. Compulsive thoughts are thoughts that you could actually act upon, like dying or cutting your hair all of a sudden.
What's that one thing you want to tell that person who affected your life? That person you'll probably never see again, or didn't get the chance to tell them when you could?
TO THE MALE SECURITY/BOUNCER GUY THE 1ST 1/2 OF 2000, NATION CLUB, D.C., TYPE O NEGATIVE W/ COAL CHAMBER & DEADLIGHTS (I THINK): I was 16, had just been sexually assaulted, and you let me back into the club to point out the guy who did it. YOU BELIEVED ME. You said it was going to be okay, you told me I didn't deserve that. You put your arm around my shoulders and got the police involved, and walked me around as the process happened. You were sensitive and calm and I never got to thank you for getting me through it. You smiled and laughed in surprise and said good for you when I told you I'd punched him. I went back but I never knew your name. YOU were the most supportive presence for me, over my own boyfriend, parents, and the judge. I'm sure you're an incredible dad if you are one. Thank you for being human and treating me as you did. I'm crying as I write this, I wish I could have told you how much your simple actions have continued to help me throughout my whole life. Thank you whoever you are.
What things u used to search when you used the internet for the first time?
I’d be using the internet for a couple of years before the first search engine came along. When I wanted to look at porn I went to a website called Persian Kitty that had an alphabetized list of every know porn site - well over a hundred of them.
Apparently when I was a kid I used to listen to I Just Can’t Wait To Be King from the lion king in several different languages, one of my favorites being in Czech, I think
Binoculars.
For me dress up games, searching my home on Google earth lol
Sloppy pussy
Alta Vista
How do you stop yourself from getting lazy and stopping your exercise routine?
I remember my dad’s slow and horrible decline due to a combination of heart disease and diabetes. Excellent motivator…
Ive realized a lot of my personal lack of motivation was stemmed from my depression. Mental health is important when it comes to your will. I’ve been focusing on getting in a better headspace and I plan on going to the gym soon
How expensive does your favorite bag of chips have to get for you to decide you will stop buying them?
the chips i currently like are like $4-5 for this little ass bag i don’t know im already bending over on that one probably like $7-8 and i would say absolutely not
They're already too expensive as it is. I basically don't buy name brand anything anymore. All you're buying is the name. It costs them maybe 50 cents to make it and then they up sell it 300%. SUCK MY DINGLEBERRIES CORPORATIONS.
$4
Just looked at the bag of hot Cheetos I just got, 5.89 for them, that’s almost 6, i remember thinking a long time ago that if they were 5 dollars that would be crazy, yet here we are
What are some of the best songs of the 90s?
Tubthumping
Metallica - The Unforgiven Radiohead - Street Spirit Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit
My favorite song is “Inside Out” by Eve 6. Released in 1999. I could listen to it every day. Until I couldn’t.
What goes through your mind when a baby stares at you?
"I'm so glad I don't have any"
Human baby? Disgust.
How much trouble would I get in if I punt this child?
My baby: a sense of awe, love, and pride. Someone else’s baby: just remember to be polite and interact nicely.
'ew, stop looking at me'
I smile when a baby looks at me. Babies are the only pure thing about this God-forsaken human race. They are born without sin and without crime until we corrupt them with our society and parents usually being shitheads. I smile at them, and I silently give them my best, hoping they become happy adults someday.
“Why is it staring at me?”
Best answer so far!
What do you think about this snowstorm or rainstorm that is happening around the midwest?
Thankfully I don't have to deal with that shit since I live in North Carolina, but I got to say that snow this late fucking sucks.
How do you deal with emotions/self-soothe/cope?
I ignore them and they go away.
With a lil help from my friends
What does being a man mean to you?
You must be swift as a coursing river
I ride a fifty year old snowmobile with an open face helmet so I can smoke a joint while I am riding.
A man does what is necessary.
What's the most underrated movie you've ever watched?
Roller Girls with Drew Barrymore, is a movie with a message of struggle and overcoming.
Barb and Star Go To Vista Del Mar
For all the publicity it got (i.e., next to none), "" is a surprisingly good movie.
Van Helsing Warcraft
Master and Commander
Icebreaker: If you could dispense 5 liquids from your fingers, what would they be?
I chose: Water Gasoline Gatorade Hydrogen Peroxide Olive Oil
🩸🩸
would be water, lemonade, alcohol, wine and strawberry juice.
Oil slick, snake venom, battery acid, hot lava, Diet Coke.
1. Water. 2. Bombay Sapphire East Gin 3. Canada Dry Tonic Water 4. The Baby Blue Gatorade 5. Olive oil
Mezcal ginger beer and lime juice, then olive oil and gas to save me money
Water, Wine, Coffee, Coke Zero, Gasoline.
Water, regular coke the soda, liquid gold, liquid oxygen, and liquid iron.
water, gasoline, coffee, red wine, and yeah my middle finger is going to spray semen.
Hot dog water  Tears  Bleach  New Coke  Semen (preferably from my wrist, like Spiderman)
Water, gasoline, vodka, cold brew coffee, olive oil
Do you mean one liquid from each finger? Then: Water. Gas. Coke. Whiskey. Dr Pepper. Or are all five liquids coming out mixed together? Mixing good things would make them less good. Mixing bad things would make one weapon that's effective in multiple ways. Then: Gas. Pepper spray. Liquid ass. Bright pink dye. Flammable, painful, stinky, and just annoying. And lastly  which is very dangerous dangerous. And apparently reacts particularly violently with water.
Water, beer, gasoline, liquid gold, lava
Wine, wine, wine, wine, water.
Water, milk, disinfectant, washing up liquid, gravy.
Coke Zero, some sort of acid, Culver's Diet Root Beer, Strawberry Starburst C4, and Milo's Zero Calorie Sweet Tea.
Whoa there, Satan.
Right? Diet Coke is just nasty.
What sport would dramatically improve with a simple change?
Basketball I hate the fouls in the last 2 minutes. So maybe have a 10 second runoff after a foul, with under 2 min left.
Every sport can change with a bit of sportsmanship and care for others
Every ball is a land-mine
All of them... just make all the individuals on the losing team forfeit 5% of their yearly income for each loss.
Did you realize you were a bad person? How did you get better?
Girls doesn't like Andrew Tate's hints. And that's good cuz it's exhausting af
Only according to other people. I don't really care what they say.
I had used, hurt, and neglected lots of people and was just extremely selfish, I always made it about me. One day it just hit me like a brick that there was hardly anyone left in my life - and I had to turn my eyes inward and wonder why. I changed my attitude, tried to repair relationships what were salvageable, and just started doing more for others
Yes. I don't get better yet. Sometimes I am very selfish and insensitive unconsciously. But someday I'll do it right.
By the time I realized it it was too late. I try to be positive but deep down I’m a negative being sadly. It’s ingrained in me after years of negativity
I don't consider myself a good person, but other people do. I always have selfish thoughts and desires but I am a firm believer in treating others the way you want to be treated. I understand to get respect you have to give respect. For these reasons and these reasons alone, I have always been able to do the right. You can't expect loyalty from someone yet cheat, you can't expect people to listen to your problems if you do not care about theirs, you can't expect to get gifts if you never give them, you can't lie to people and expect to be told the truth. This is the way I operate but I know people who do things for others without expecting anything in return are a much better person than I am. Regardless there's not a single person I talk to that actually considers me a selfish person. So in my opinion as long as you follow the golden rule you'll be fine.
I didn't. I got worse.
Yes i did…i was a closed off cold person a border line jerk with no emotions and used to give silent treatments to ppl i loved…i’m a traumatised kids with history of all sorts of traumas those experiences mafe me that way but when i started to find ppl that i cared about aka my ex…. He stopped talking to me when wr were friends bcz of how i was and losing him hurt different it made me realise that i have to work on myself there is no other way around this losing him just wasn’t an option and i did all the work it needed snd if took years and we decided to be best friends bcz of how difficult things were but i’m still grateful for everything bcz his love made me a human again and made me into this person who is regarded by her peers as warm kind and caring…i never thought those words would ever be used for me
Yes. I didn’t change.
idk anymore
Sometimes I am, sometimes Im not. Its just the way of life.
Is your account satire?
I agree but self reflection on your behaviors is still important
You mean andrew tate is right?
When have you felt a deep connection with a fictional character?
Arthur Morgan. RDR2
Enough times for me to name my Reddit profile after them.
Mason from Boyhood, especially how much he moved and had to readjust to new life, new friends etc.
Betty Draper of "Mad Men," because I was engaged to a woman version of Don - a "gifted storyteller" with a largely fabricated life story, a master manipulator suffering from some sort of narcissism or borderline personality disorder. Though the genders were flipped and we were in the modern day, I've lived real life scenes that were almost too close for comfort to ones depicted between Don and Betty.
What is a life lesson someone tried teaching you but you didn't learn until you personally experienced it?
When you push people away, they rarely come back
Debt lol
Regret in the long run is much much worse than failure in the moment.
that hitting people back is probably not a good idea lmfao i said that back then. i was like ummm?
This hits hard
Wise words. We will never know the outcome until we try.
What is your opinion on hollywood?
Distressed and confused that: A) Hollywood is so culturally influential globally since it has a huge problem with pedophilia, rpe culture, sexualising minors, and sexism. Acknowledging that it’s is a chicken and egg thing (they make what sells, and what sells is based on what they make), it’s still sad. B) People take celebrity worship so seriously. You don’t know these people and they sure don’t even know that you exist, why do you care so much? C) Hollywood celebrities personal politics/socio-economic opinions are so influential. They are entertainers, why are people getting their political opinions from entertainers?
It is telling that no big Hollywood star actually lives in Hollywood.
When I went there, it smelled gross and it was dirty. I felt awful for the poor homeless people.
Never been there, but the environment actors deal with sounds toxic.
The traffic sucks.
It's been in decline for ages. The Movie industry with it.
I could not give a shit less.
Never been there so I can’t comment on it as a place. But, Get investment money out of the film industry so actual decent films can be made and not cash grabs
Love it
It was a cool visit, but would not live there.
When an individual rejects useful knowledge, they end up in "holly wood."
Being a Celebrity must be suck
You probably mean that sarcastically, but in fact celebrities' lives do suck in a lot of ways. First, it takes an amazingly short time to go from first being discovered to where your agent won't take your calls. To go from up-and-coming to a has-been. Less than 1000 days in the case of a music celebrity. For movies, there are tons of movie actors who were A-list but quickly fell out of favor and could only find work doing commercials and game shows. Or who got type cast early.
The amount scandals coming from there is enormous too Imagiane most people following while you do your basic daily activties
For those who have gone in for surgery to have their fallopian tubes removed. What was the recovery time like?
My ex wife had her uterus removed. Not the same but I assume is similar recovery wise since it is same area and probably similar surgery. She could move around without help in 24 hours, and by day 3 she was pretty much back to normal physical activity. Using the restroom took a little longer to go back to normal. It was about two weeks total before everything was perfectly back to what it was before the surgery.
I'm looking to have surgery that will prevent me from having children and I'm just trying to weigh all my options.
I went with the "be a lesbian" route for birth control. 99% effective 👍 Having your tubes tied though is quite different from a hysterectomy I believe. Most likely your recovery period would be shorter. Don't take my word for it though.
I want to take that route, but I get nervous talking to the ladies. Thank you for the information. 🩷
Why has Nintendo 2DS/3DS do you think put a special place in your heart more than Nintendo DS (NDS)?
My childhood was that little thing that played pokemon and Zelda
That's just your preference. I like NDS more because it had my favorite game Infinite Space there.
What's the worst food you have ever tasted?
I would never eat Callaloo again, a typical Trinidadian food.
French cut canned green beans.
Camel intestines. Went to a restaurant and the menu was in french (i don't speak french), had to look at the pictures to see what i wanted and i saw this bowl that had delishious looking noodles in it, turns out it was Camel intestines..
Chinese food in China town in Chicago.
Anything I have ever cooked
Rat. Wish I was kidding.
I'm not sure what to call it. When I was young my neighbors made us Halloween themed cupcakes a few days before Halloween itself, first thing I did was take a large lick of the icing. It tasted completely like chemicals and I almost threw up on the spot.
Sashimi
Eggs
Who's your least favourite Band/artist and why?
Any that make country music.
Bruno Mars. He’s a whiner and he played a weak drum solo at the Super Bowl.
I like some of Justin Bieber's songs but he's not my favorite.
Imagine dragons. It’s a shitty band but I like some some of their songs
I always found him cringe
I actually can't with imagine dragons, there just a meme now
Why has Nintendo DS (NDS) do you think put a special place in your heart more than Nintendo 2DS/3DS?
It’s got to be an age range thing, I hated my ds with a burning passion but loved my game boy and 3ds.
I never had a 2DS and still own my working NDS
What is the weirdest thing you did out of boredom during the covid lockdown?
What is your biggest insecurity?
that my fuck ass family is crazy and shit would do wild shit just to stay on my ass
My boobs/face
Mah love handles, no matter what I do they remain
Shit teeth and acne scars. I have a natural white streak just off centre in my hair, ask me a couple months ago and that would be up there too.
Socially awkward especially on the phone.
i have hyperpigmentation due to PCOS, and it can only be managed, not cured
Virginity this far into life
pics to verify?
Smooth as ice on a frozen lake, but, no.
What do you think about the Dan Schneider apology? Is he actually sorry or sorry he got caught?
Sorry he got caught otherwise there wouldn’t have been an apology
Maybe he's sorry he did it because he got caught
He didn’t sound all that sorry to me. Sounded like he was placing blame on others.
He's not genuinely sorry for his actions. He's just apologizing that he got caught and probably wouldn't be apologizing if he didn't get exposed for what he is.
What's the most underrated skill or talent that people should learn in their lifetime?
Financial literacy.
Electrical work/basic carpentry. Most of your money goes to labor
- fast typing/ writing - critical thinking - first aid kit - giving less fucks about things
Focus
not to care how other people are living
MMA, piano, guitar... not in their lifetime.. in their childhood
When do you think Minecraft started to fall off?
when fortnite came out is when it really fell off
When the Dream SMP turned into the League of Villains
When notch sold it to Microsoft
when they addad 3 useless rocks that clog up your inventory while strip mining in 1.8
Deep dark is too much.
I started losing interest after 1.18.2, and it was already falling out of public light by then. 1.6 - 1.16 seemed to have been the golden age
Probably after the major Nether overhaul a couple years ago. After that, the devs kinda stopped caring about putting new stuff in major updates.
When the big Minecraft YouTubers of the time moved on and grew out of it.
When it jumped the bees.
When you started to lose interest in it
Actually, that honestly saved it.
Gym Bros, how do you feel if your girl isn’t fit or doesn’t works out?
What were you told buy your parents about masturbation that you found out wasn't true?
my parents have never brought it up and i'm glad lol
That it makes you blind
That it doesn't affect grammar skills
That it will block my penis from peeing and the doctors will have to open the hole.
the classic, it's bad... meanwhile I tormented my penis 20 times a day when I was ten... it's underside was fully ..and I do mean fully.. black I was jacking off so much
That it was forbidden in the Bible . I studied the Bible and found out the Onan's story is about pulling out , not about masturbation.
I can't believe it's not bigger.
Bros life is a step sis phenomenon story line, bet she got stuck in the dryer once too
I'm not saying it isn't, but ur telling me a stepsister pranking her bro by telling him this lube will make his dick big and then applying it herself isn't some unrealistic ass shit that a stepsis porn writerr would come up with
Lots of tensions and hardships in the world right now, what would Buffy do?
Who?
Kill some demon? Idk.
Slay.
I don't maybe date someone whose murdered alot of people until the relationship implodes in the worst way posisble
What is something you wish you would have said or done to someone who passed away?
My mother passed when I was 10 All the things in my life she missed... Didn't matter I wish she had met her granddaughter I wish I had more stories to tell my daughter about her I wish my daughter felt like I had family behind her.
Honestly, I wish I would have told my brother how much I hate him and how shitty he made my life before he passed away.
Got to see my best friend one last time before she passed. I spoke to here that day making plans to fly to CA to visit here and ended the convo with I love you and she got in a car accident and died that night
What did the worst day of your life, teach you?
Taught me what I'll never be stripped of if I lose it all again.
that you can get through anything to put your mind to
That I'm resilient and that I should not ignore people's red flags in the hope that if I give them more, I can fix them
Everyone is out for themselves
That you may never know when it’s your last day with a loved one. Don’t miss the little opportunities you have to spend time with the people you truly care about.
Trust nobody not family or friends nobody, even the ones closest to you will drive a knife into your back
What would you say that is?
I will never not give someone the time of day. Whether you just need someone to talk to or you're knocking on my car window asking for a slice of my pizza because you haven't eaten in forever, I gotchu. I will never lose my sense of integrity. As a man with potentially reckless and inconsiderate behavior I've done the right thing since I've realized who I can be. I will never be stripped of my ability to be content. Im a man to never miss a silver lining, regardless of how cynical. I could probably list a few more if I think about it but brain gotta shit
What’s the worst place you’ve ever worked at?
Healthcare
A water park in the 90s No fucking way I wanted to be anywhere near that water. People (not just kids) would shit in it constantly and it'd just be scooped out and nobody would say anything Not a single qualified lifeguard on site, the place was a disaster waiting to happen
Any fast food place. You can’t tell me people enjoy that industry
Tim Hortons.
Media Agency
Food Start up
Might have to be at low-ranking book company. People were mean as shit.
A for-profit college
I am an RA at the most crusty dorm at my university. This dorm is so disgusting. One day, my buzzer rang at 3 AM from one of my residents. I had to drag my half-asleep ass (and half-naked) ass out of bed and put pants on just to see that some kid two doors down brought some booty into his room. But the girlfriend arrived and was making a scene. She took his boba drink and poured it all over the boyfriend and the booty and screaming at them both. I had to call another RA to physically separate them, but as we were pulling her away, she told us that he was calling escorts to our room (only to get him in trouble) but when it was clear that we did not believe her, she said that he had weed. After a thorough search, we found that he actually had weed stuffed in his underwear drawer. We had to call the police and it was so awkward to stand there while the police berated the kid.
ClearRate, it’s a phone service company. Dont ever let your elderly or disabled loved ones sign up for that phone service company
Sams Club graveyard
Yankee Candle
USPS. I walked like 30 miles a day, would get yelled at for crossing a yard, unable to see house numbers because of working in the dark, almost losing my fingertips from frostbite… list is endless. Quit and went back to school. So I guess it was worth the suffering….
BK all day… 16 yo me had no idea what an industrial sink was was and it pissed off all the burger king vets
Worked for an off-road racing photographer in his late 50s early 60s out of his house. There was a jack and Jill bathroom between our office and his office. Whenever I'd go pee l, I could hear him having phone sex.
Rest home
McDonalds
Deloitte
Large sporting goods store. I was never made aware of the fact that so much of the population is illiterate until I worked retail. People wanting to take tents out of boxes and assemble them and then just leave everything in the aisle when they’re done, alarms from glass display cases constantly going off because kids would mess with expensive binoculars, rude and unreliable coworkers that were pissed that they were working retail, people getting upset that you weren’t an expert on everything in the store, etc. Also, an entry-level environmental consulting job. We were expected to do project-manager esque work for what we were being paid, and my boss hated me from day one (never accept a job without meeting your direct supervisor, lol)
A company that audited credit card something something. We (not) fondly called the boss the psycho bitch from hell, and she really was.
Deloitte lol
I worked at a small sign shop that made business signs as well as some for the state. Owner was a grade A shit bag. Constantly berating me, yelling at me for things he did wrong and an all-around unpleasant guy to be around. I worked there long enough to save up to buy some car parts, then quit.
I work at a fast food place and I hate it I’m at work now actually just hiding in the back 🤣💀💀
What hill are you willing to die on, and why?
Being tired of seeing this post.
The day I'm terminal, I will take the time to eliminate the 2 sexual predators in this county Both convicted multiple times of aggravated child molestation
Star Wars's EU was better than the Disney sequels. Why? Because it was?
Blueberry Hill, when I find my thrill
Abortion is okay. Why? Because it’s nobody else’s business. The only person who should have the right to keep or terminate the pregnancy is the person who is pregnant.
Furries are just regular people with a weird hobby. The furries that did nothing wrong shouldn't be hated, and the furry fandom shouldn't be generalized negatively as so.
Thanks
What is something you used to do in your past makes you cringe now?
Smoke
Ha, too many to list. But one thing was trying to hang out with high schoolers the year after I graduated. It wasn’t anything creepy, I just had a lot of friends who were underclassmen. I would hang out in the student section at football games (in September/October) even though I just graduated the previous June. To be fair, I wasn’t the only recent graduate doing it. But looking back, it makes me look like I hadn’t moved on from High School.
Church. Even went on a proselytizing mission for a cult. God, I feel so bad for the things I said and did as a Mormon.
What’s something you only do when you’re completely alone?
Masturbate
Singing maybe? Or working out lol
5x1
Relax
Complain out loud using very foul language
Same lol
I feel like everyone tries to sing when their alone but gets embarrassed when someone hears
to then have that post nut clarity and cry about my life.
What is something you can't believe real grownup people take seriously?
Social Influencers.
News they get off FB and TikTok
Astrology
Horoscopes
Elon Musk and other billionaire "geniuses." People are pretty freaking gullible
Flat Earth. Literally don't believe it. I think these people are fictional.
Sports. I get it, entertainment. But like, calm down. You aren't on the team. Take a breath.
Reality TV
Being threatened by things they don’t understand, and having a narrow threshold to boot.
Stanley cups. I don’t get it, at all, they make me angry because you can’t put them in a bag without spilling.
Giving kids tablets
Oh, and astrology. It seriously worries me that I have to be polite about this shit in so many social circles in which people are often also talking about like, how to change the world for the better.
religion
White supremacists in the US. The whole “go back to where you came from” rhetoric seems to go completely over their heads…
Q
The royal family. What in the actual fuck?
At the moment Monopoly Go
Facebook...likes, number of friends
Religion.
Trump.
How other people live their lives.
Social media
I was going to post an entire list, but what's with this Ray Comfort guy?
To be honest, most things. Most things are not that serious or dramatic as people think. People are willing to die on some really petty hills. And I think most people do it but are just unaware how petty they can be sometimes.
Organized religion
Cryptocurrencies, the Metaverse and other such bullshit technologies. Also, in the case of men, the Alpha/Sigma male shit, and in the case of women, the Witch-Tok and other such girly shit.
Religion
Religion
Vehemently supporting politicians that despise them and would probably spit in their face if they ever met (and the politician ensures that will never happen as they live in a gated neighborhood with armed security)
Politicians. Like holy shit, be interested in your own life a little more
The View MSNBC
Politics
That chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
Flat Earth
Arguments over waifus
Celebrities and influencers!
Life these days.
Religion ... Fox "News" ...
Religion
Trump, MTG, Boebart, Gaetz, Johnson, Gomer, Cruz...
Social media in general. Too many people believe every clickbait headline, or buy in to whatever trend is taking over. Feels like people can't self soothe and need the validation or something, it's just weird.
Religion and Media. All adults that are guided by this shit are to be made fun of.
Valentines Day
Sports
Fairy tales and myths. Like Zeus, Neptune, Apollo, God...
Personality tests/types
The News
CNN, MSNBC, Young Turks, Bill Maher, Don Lemon
The idea of there being an afterlife of any sort where some imaginary being gives you a cookie and a condo or torture for eternity as a reward/punishment for something you did for a few years on Earth.
Religion. Upvotes plz.
The news, and weather apps dictating how the weather would be the day or even a few days ahead…. The very next day or even few days, I just have been looking at the weather pattern outside for the past few years now, I’m not saying I’m a weather expert but I’m right to a very high percentage about the weather
Professional Wrestling
That the world would end on the dot of 12 in 2000 some people were so scared they purchased survival kits.
Pro sports Media Religion
Flerf
The government
Non of their information is on the web
Comics
Consumer product brand loyalty.
I was gonna say religion but I've been beaten to it, so I'm gonna go with Society. It's all made up bullshit. Rules, laws, morality, it's all bs. We all pretend, all the time.
Yeah. Still more believable than most religion
I know people who could easilly be pushed into fully believing it, but I think haven't simply because of peer pressure. But I'm convinced at least 95% of the "influencers" in the space are in on the grift.
They even have a conference
That’s what I thought till i met them in real life. I felt like I was staring at a mythical creature.
It becomes less fun the more rational you are about it
I'm a big sports guy. And I'll never understand people who actually get mad about a game. Like, there are people who are pissy for the next four days if their team loses. That's crazy. I'm in my thirties and still play sports. I attend roughly 100 sporting events a year. I work in sports. And I still don't get it. Get mad in the moment, get excited in the moment. Then move on with your life.
Right?? Hearing something you don’t understand, or having a belief challenged, is meant to inspire curiosity. I have zero time for people who behave this way.
There’s only 1 Stanley cup and it most certainly won’t fit in your bag /s
Oh this one I can answer! I’m sure I’d agree with all the reasons you dislike them, but there’s something very compelling about essentially the same family having been on the throne for over 1,000 years. Many Americans get a little misty over the stories of the founding fathers, the Declaration of Independence, the signing of the constitution, etc. The continuity of the royal family is quite similar in feeling, I think. It ties British people to something truly ancient, and cements national identity.
Came here for this. I love magic like the next person but c'mon man.
And going to church is ridiculous too.
Definitely beating a dead horse at this point, but yeah, I still don't get it. His greatest achievement as president was rushing out the Covid vaccine, yet his own rhetoric ended with him getting booed for supporting it. How is he able to constantly weasel out of doing and saying some of the dumbest shit from any politician in living memory?
We found the no-coiner. It's not too late.
As long as they're pushing policies I support, I don't give a fuck what they think of me.
I sort of love the idea of a condo if I do nice things on Earth.
Back when it first became a bit of a meme I trawled some of the groups on facebook, the largest one I found had an admin selling an MLM scheme to the members. I believe that is the root cause of all conspiracy theories, to identify the gullible.
That's what I love about being a soccer fan in America. Most of the macho guys that get super angry about sports just stay away because they see soccer as less masculine. Most people are perfectly happy to "drink 90 drink"
Its a decent attempt at an analogy but I don't think it lands at all. 99.999% of Americans probably can't name a single currently living decedent of any of the founding fathers. Respecting what people in the past did for you today is one thing. Acting like just because someone came from a bloodline, or even dumber, married in to it means anything at all is totally different. Cementing national identity and giving people a sense of self definitely makes sense though.
Watch $20 or whatever disappear from your wallet every week
If we knew, maybe we could stop it. Sigh.
Too bad the competition sets such a low bar.
I’m talking about the zealots that would take a bullet for their favorite politician when the same couldn’t be said for the politician.
It's nice, right? Almost like...wish fulfilment!
How else will they be able to pocket funds for their lifestyles? I have some friends that live in Utah and whoa boy. Those Mormons are something else.
Well that's completely different from what you said earlier.
Catholics were meant to give 20% of their salary at one point…
How do you guys get such thought provoking questions?
I find them down the back of the sofa.
Put away the screens and observe the world around you and how it behaves.
Stay away from the superpower question
It's been known that internet activity and " genius " are intimately connected
Being high on drugs.
That's some fire advice 🔥🔥
What were you told about the opposite sex body parts that wasn't true but later you found out it was true?
Honestly my parents were open with me about human biology and bodies from an early age. With no embarrassment. So I was pretty clear on all that. In hindsight good for them
That Boys do Wipe their peeps After peeing with tp. They do Not :D
That guys can cum just from playing with their nipples lol
You m or f
My ex-wife REFUSES to talk about male genitalia with my daughters (10 and 8). My 8 year old told me weiners are like hoses of different sizes that come out of your pants. And that balls are on the inside.
did you do this to ask yourself ?
What car brands should you avoid buying from in 2024?
Pontiac.
Jeep
Tesla
Oldsmobile
Mitsubishi.
Porsche and any Stellantis brands
BMW
Just get something from Toyota or Honda & you should be fine
Why?
Porsche from personal experience, really pales in comparison Stellantis because their cars are combustion, unreliable, poor mileage, and lack in technology and luxury relative to their price.
What's a cultural shock for you?
My Japanese friend got mad as f when I wrote his name in red.
Customer service being top level, people being nice and saying sorry when you accidentally walk into them.
What’s the longest you’ve slept for?
It was 15 hours. I couldn't sleep on the plane during its 10 hour flight because of air turbulence. Arriving home I went to sleep and woke 15 hours later.
Probably 15 hours
About 14 or 15. Went to bed at 9 or 10pm and woke up around noon.
13 hours
When I took seroquel, I would sometimes sleep for 10 to 12 hours. Some days, I would sleep until noon.
Around 14 or 15 hours
About 36 hours. I went to bed Friday night and woke up Sunday morning. I was wondering why all this religious programming was on tv until I went to the guide channel and it said it was Sunday.
What will be the future of upcoming software engineers with the rise of devin?
So is it not worth it trying to become a software engineer?
Only the big silicon valley firms. But there are lots of software engineers employed in thousands of companies whose main business is not software, and these are not being laid off in large numbers.
What famous person ruined their career the shortest?
Jussie Smollett. And self-ruined his career with fake hate crime hoax.
Bitey McGee from the UFC last night.
Anthony Scaramucci as Trump’s press person. 🤪😆
Phillips Schofield but he made me cringe anyway
kony 2012 organizer had the entire world behind him the ran down the street jerking off
Chris brown
Sinead O’Connor
Wonder where he is now?
She ripped up that photo around '93 or so, and her first album came out in '87. Great album, too.
What thing are you least looking forward to about your body in the second half of your lifetime?
Getting grumpy shrumpy balls and ballsack
Not yet there but I’m already slightly pessimistic about wrinkles
What is your favorite thing about your culture?
vodka
Food
Which dish/ food?
Joojeh "chicken" kebab
What's some juicy gossip you've found out recently?
More sad than just gossip, but recently my uncle fell for a pyramid scheme and he fell HARD. He was like one of the highest “tiers” and now has boxes of useless electric toothbrushes (or something idk) in his home. It wasn’t so bad that his family is financially in trouble but he’s like, barely on the first rung above that. Their son (my cousin) won’t be getting any new console or phone anytime soon.
Someone I know is getting married in a few months but about a year ago they fucked their fiancés brother. Funny thing is the brother is the best man 😭
My friends brother recently got married. Been married for about 6 months. They were already broken up when they got married. Only went through with it because they had a destination wedding and was embarrassed of calling it off. Already working on the divorce. Makes me feel sad for them though.
That the reason my boss gets dropped off everyday by her husband is because she would cheat on him with male employees.
A girl in my grade was feeding a boy in class (like, putting it on his tongue)
I heard about a former employee at the store I work at who tried to walk out the back emergency door and got caught and arrested
That's awful. I hate MLMs/Pyramid Schemes/however they disguise themselves. They're insanely good at being manipulative so I feel for your uncle. Hope he and your family are OK!
Yikes!
Who's a good boy!
They’re ok, his old job hired him back
If Morgan Freeman read the KJV Bible, who would buy it?
His version of God was pretty cool in "Bruce Almighty" so I could see it. True story - I actually worked for the software company that hired James Earl Jones to read an audio Bible. I'm not sure if it ever made it to market because the company was run by tweakers and incompetent morons, but I remember looking forward to an audio bible with a booming voice yelling out "Jesus... I AM your Father!"
How do we know he hasn’t read it already?
I'd buy it just to hear him narrate Hosea 2:2-4 KJV. That would be pure comedy gold.
Christians
Not me. Love him, but no.
I would steal it, if I didn't have to walk too far.
What are good resources for finding as much information about previous flights as possible?
Who is lying to you? Dump them lol
It’s more about investigating incidents that caused flight delays, injuries, or other things of that nature!! It has nothing to do with relationships or people lying haha! Didn’t even think about this angle but thank you!!
Who is your favorite dark lord/evil mastermind in all of fiction?
Walter White
Animal Blundetto
The nefarious Randall Flagg
For me its Sauron from Tolkien's legendarium/Lord of the Rings He fits the dark lord title so perfectly. He’s sneaky, manipulative, can get in anybody’s head so quickly and does damn near everything from the shadows.
Obviously Satan
Dwight Schrute.
Judge Holden
Biff! The embodiment of bullying, split the space/ -time continuum, and is literally a generational bad guy. I think that qualifies as evil mastermind, at least in my book.
Thanos in the Disney Marvels is pretty high up for me. He was so formidable with his intelligence and massive strength mixed in with the patience to make moves at the right times to be the most effective. Also I found Bill Cypher in Gravity Falls to be super interesting to watch.
Ozymandias from Watchmen. Evil mastermind that A) Actually has a plan and B) Executes the plan successfully w/o falling for anything that’s listed in the first 100 of the Evil Overlord’s Guide
Palpatine
Dr. Evil
Hades from Hercules because he is just one of the girls
Terence fletcher
Darkseid
Satan
Kenjaku from Jujutsu Kaisen
Light Yagami
Michelle Tanner
Ti Lung From Kung fu Panda 1
The Crippled God
The Major from Hellsing Ultimate. Not a super complicated guy with a super complicated plan. He just has 1000 nazi vampires and he wants to set the world on fire with them
Azathoth
M. Bison
Dishonest John, evil villain from the Beanie and Cecil puppet show. I just found out that show was Albert Einstein’s favorite. No wonder I liked it.
Doofenzmirtz He got an evil incorporated
Darth Vader
I can't even say his name.
The Walkin Dude
I remember reading the books. Sauron has a perfect blend of mystery and looming presence.
The most vile of them all.
He’s one of my favorites :)
Religious ppl: #(●●) But in all seriousness >“Engaging with these narratives through the lens of literary criticism and moral philosophy reveals the multifaceted ways in which the divine can be perceived” That is easily the most important part of this. In my opinion thats the most interesting part of religion and belief in something bigger than the self. It accounts for different perceptions/perspectives.
Or Dr. Doofenshmirtz because he is so relatable and a silly goose
City dwellers, what’s the craziest thing you’ve seen on your metro system/bus?
This dude who looked like Tom Selleck asked my friends and I if he could go to the bathroom on the back of the bus. We said no. He continued to take off his pants and we freaked out. He told us he was kidding, and then proceeded to make his way to the back of the bus and urinated in a Filene’s bag. He hung it from the chain you pull to let the driver know to stop. I swear the dude was likely some weirdo pedo and got his kicks off by doing it. This was way before cell phones so it just happened and that was it. Nowadays I would have reported that sick weirdo.
Not really on a public transit but I worked for this call center that only hired felons and high schoolers when I was 16 and this guy used to jerk it in the urinal and his mom worked there and was playing with herself in the bathroom, guess it ran in the family..
I was on the metro in Paris, and these cute boys were smiling at me, and I was giggling . So cute and innocent, one of em touched my booty accidentally... crowded space and everything.. he was cute and I was a teenager looking for a love story . Our wedding was going to be so sweet telling the story of how we met on a crowded train on a beautiful spring day. Anyway they pick pocketed my friends, and I realized as a brawl broke out, that they were trying to rob me, but I had those useless girl pants with fake pockets and I had giggled and blushed over him trying to steal my shit. Still one of my better dates tbh... I'd go out with him again
It was quite hot and a person dressed in winter clothes - coat, snow pants, scarf, hat, mittens and boots - got on the bus. They paid their fare and sat down. They had a medium size plastic bin with them and they opened it. Out came a bowl, a spoon and a thermos. From the thermos they poured soup into the bowl. After putting the thermos back into the bin, they proceeded to consume the bowl of soup. All while still wearing their mittens. I was stunned and amazed.
The outrageous part is that the driver had to deal with it. Also buses need restrooms
This happened to my second child on a Bakerloo line train in London and I was right there.
Ah yes. A plastic bin. The best place to store soup, a bowl, a thermos, and a spoon. The microscopic organisms on the bus have seen some things
We started to freak out and he wanted us to stop because he was only “kidding”. The driver did look back in his rear view mirror when we were getting loud, but then he just sort of ignored it. I can’t imagine the stories they have. I’m sure they’re numb to a lot of things.
Since God is all-knowing, what’s something you’re sorry God has to deal with knowing about you?
How my mind works when im horny
That I think he’s completely made up.
That I don't believe in God
If God is omnipotent/omniscient/etc, he made me fully knowing every thing I would ever think or do, so I ain’t the one who should feel ashamed.
I'm atheist but not one of those arrogant atheist pricks who mocks anyone with faith. I'm willing to accept I could be wrong and if I am, boy will I feel silly when I die and St Peter is like "Well, bet you feel like a right twat right now." But what if God is real and that God does, as so many believers claim, work in mysterious ways. What if this life is a test to see who deserves to get into heaven but God gave us the free thinking ability to doubt him. Religious people will live a good life but they have the reward of heaven and the fear of hell as two key incentives while an atheist has neither. So if an atheist lives a good life, their good intentions and good ways are not compromised at all. They were good just for the sake of being good. What if that's the basis for getting into heaven? Living a good life without any expectation of reward? Might seem far fetched but as is the belief in God and if God does work in mysterious ways, my theory is not so far fetched.
God can totally suck it when it comes to knowing about all my depraved, lycanthropic fantasies.
Nothing at all. He created me that way, willingly. It's on him
How much of my potential to his glory I wasted
The fucked up shit I can’t say out loud
Same. My brain is a dark, dark place when I'm horny 😅
And after the whole ordeal i just think ‘wtf am i doing?’
Exactly. Like I'm pretty sure my kink is just anything taboo at this point. If it would horrify good people, I probably get off to it. 🫣
Hahaha, my friends are actually terrified of me. I talk really open about what comes to mind, hahaha.
Yea, same! They all think I'm very crazy and maybe even borderline psychotic lol. Especially when I describe the books I'm reading. 😅😇
Hahaha, lovely! Im an artist so some of the stuff that comes up in mind goes digital for my friends to see. 🫣
Oh wow. Yea...so...asking for a friend...do you post this publicly? Lmao
Sadly not, thought about going public on twitter, creating nsfw stuff. I just can’t commit to posting stuff regularly, i rather just go with my own flow. For now i just share my stuff with friends. 👏
I get that. Having a posting schedule can take the fun out of it. Well, if you ever need another friend to share with, my dms are always open 😂 We can be actual friends too, if you want lol.
Who is the most dangerous world leader now?
They are all dangerous I like to imagine the world leaders spraying each other with gasoline like that scene in Zoolander. Such dangerous idiots.
Some bloke in Russia maybe?
DEADBEAT DON the MRGA(make RUSSIA great again) Orange Man
Putin
Kim Jong Un
We probably don't even know their name.
China’s or Russia’s. China due to the industry & economy, Russia due to the lack of care in what happens to others.
What tiny or overlooked detail at a wedding is a good indicator of how the marriage will work out?
That some things happen at the spur of the moment. It's not all completely rehearsed and timed. You can actually feel the joy and the vibe in the air
How do you find places where you can camp/sleep in your car overnight?
I'm in Texas FWIW, I want to drive up the night before the eclipse and ideally sleep in my car either at a rest stop or even better at a state park where I can see the eclipse the next day. I have no idea where to find what is vs is not legal, don't wanna get a ticket.
iOverlander, it’s free
This was true some years ago, probably is now. If you have a Sam’s club membership and you call and ask them and let them know ahead of time, they’ll typically let you park in the far end of the lot overnight. We used to have people sleeping in big rigs and other vehicles overnight in the back lot all the time.
Based. Might look into this (idk if it's legal or not still tho haha). I bet Buccee's will be packed
>iOverlander This is huge, thanks!
Which movie was the original shitpost?
Manos: The Hands of Fate
The train thing
"Airplane!"
Blazing Saddles
What makes you feel nostalgia?
Some kind of chemical reaction or neural pathway or boring neuroscience shit.
Silhouettes
people still playing pokemon go
Horrible histories theme tune
Horse trailers and the smell of wet cement have no idea why
Im one of those people who actually go on YouTube to willingly watch old commercials compilations from my childhood (early 2000s) or even later just to see what my brothers grew up with.
Music.
College and band.
Seeing the new Beetlejuice trailer. Certain songs . Seeing siblings fuck around and piss their parents off
Certain songs
For me the smell of school bags, new books, orange juice and the golden hour.
Wow, me too! And the colored/ blurry reflections inside the mirrors
Workers of Reddit what is an asshole customer story that has stuck with you?
Just had a guy ask me last week how I got my job and how he could get it instead. Lovely.
I used to have this guy come pick up pallets of bagged ice with a flatbed, and at first he was pretty standoffish and would constantly try to direct how I was driving the forklift because I’m a woman. He found out quickly that A: I was one of the best drivers at the location and B: that I wasn’t going to listen.
Trust me those guys are infuriating
It was hard not to hang up On him. He was drunk too.
Trust me I worked at a certain auto part retailer. I'll let you guess which one and I was changing a battery for someone. They didn't tell me how corroded the bolts attaching to the terminals. The terminals themselves and the hold down was and I was taking a little longer than usual because I had to go get blaster and different sockets so I could just get the bolt off and then they start telling me that they could do my job and they could do it faster. Oh they were also smoking too
How do you manage life by being anti-social?
I enjoy being anti-social
Finding a partner who is also anti-social. It rocks
Reading, writing, cooking, singing, playing video games, having gobs of time to do exactly what I want, not having inane conversations, not having to agree with stupid social norms, not being competitive, hanging out in my spa tub and massage chair. It's awesome.
I don't know how I manage my life being anti social , but I love it
I don’t and I’m doing a terrible job.
What is one thing that if it happens to you your whole day will go wrong?
Getting into a car crash
Missing my morning coffee.
Captured by goblins and being force-fed delicious cake.
Wake up with hyperventilation, and the day is done
I get called into work suddenly even though I wasn’t scheduled for today. Coz I’m high af.
Not being able to sleep the night before
What happened to the games featured on iGoogle ? Mainly the picture scramble game where you rearrange the picture or numbers in order ? Is there anyone who knows where to find it?
What has become a complete joke?
Priests. From highly respected community leaders in the past, to kiddie diddlers and pedophiles now.
A lot of the “advice” in dating subreddits
The prices at Taco Bell
The war on drugs.
Twitter.
Celebrities preaching.
Facebook. Pretty much just Karens venting, stoners posting outdated memes, and scammers selling stuff on the market that will break the second you buy it.
The MCU. Just... make a plan or stop already.
Congress
Me
The FDA
The United States of America Elections … please
Biden.
The United States of America.
Now ?
Teachers diddle more kids
they are always so extreme lol
Heh, it always was.
Drugs won the war on drugs.
It is - and always was - a war on poor people.
Lmao yes 😂
Daily. Look at /r/PastorArrested
From The Book of Diddle
He didn’t say bless you when you sneezed? Divorce him
was asking now ? as in ... it's not a now thing... it's been an old thing that these cunts are horrific
What is the worst name for a pirate ship?
Nothing to sea here
The Leaky Poop Deck
Wooden Prosthetics
“This Is The Worst Pirate Ship”
The Loveboat
The Undestroyable II
Queef Anne's Revenge
The Soggy Bottom
Jolly Fred Rogers
Sea vous plait
The Sinker
Sinking ship.
The Seamen Express
Pirate Ship
Butt
Chum hard.
Free Loot!
The Mincing Nancyboy
Mommy's Widdle Baby
USS Titanic
Boaty McBoatface
Op asked for the worst name, not the greatest
The Beatles or the Rolling Stones? And Why?
The beatles. I actually only like six stones songs. Time is on my side, as tears go by, satisfaction, get off my cloud, honky tonk women, and beast of burden. I like most of the beatles catalog, by contrast.
Why not both?
That’s like asking chocolate or vanilla. Shit; that one’s obvious.
The Beatles. I think they made more interesting music. Favorite bands of the 60s- The Doors, Jimi Hendrix Experience, Crosby Stills and Nash.
What’s a weird statistical anomaly you know?
90% of jail interns in USA are black.
The ocean is statistically big.
Who has content like Joe Robinet or Matthew Posa?
I give up - who?
Don’t know who they are, but I’m guessing they do.
Yeah. I hear ya.
what is the name for things like babe ect?
Terms of endearment?
"Words".
Pet names?
Babe was definitely a pig.
A hypocorism.
Pet names?
Bitch, hoe, cunt are a few
never seen that word in my life
This is what I would call it.
nah that's not what I mean like i swear it has a special name lol
yh I think that's the one. thank you
what?
that is not what I meant lol
You have now
"Nouns".
Babe was a talking pig.
I call my bitch a bitch all the time. That bitch loves it
lol
Although she wanted to be a dog.
oh ok
fair enough
What is your most memorable sex moments?
A hooker once tongued my shitter unbidden.
When I realized I wasn’t having sex and I was actually in a psychiatric ward.
When she let me finish in her, while she was on top
When she tells you after weeks of just friends humping around sessions “It’s ok, I’ll raise the kid on my own…” Or another situation… When she goes knife to my throat after she’s had her 1st Orgasm to tell me “No one else better ever experience this feeling, besides me!” Then she ships back out the next week and two weeks later her mom shows me the wedding photos… 🤦🏽‍♂️
When she rode me till i came inside her. Then when she got off of me and all my cum leaked out of her onto and onto my stomach she, without a seconds hesitation, slurped it all up swallowed it. I was so turned on i was still hard and we fucked again. I sexually peaked at that moment.
Banged her on her period. After my cock was covered in menses, we did anal with no cleaning prep. So my dick looked like a corn dog with ketchup after. Then she sucked it. Then we kissed.
The conscious ones.
When i banged my first 7yo
When I was in Miami a couple years ago I was sucking a dick while I was riding another dick in my pussy
Latinas man 😋 they know what they doing. Best moments of my life.
new favorite sentence
Thats an opener to this thread, right there at the top for me.
Still better than realising you ARE having sex in a psychiatric ward.
How long after did you propose?
Never respond again.
So, I guess she didn't actually care for you...
What is an Unforgivable act?
Heating water in a microwave to make a cup of tea Or you know genocide or child abuse or whatever
Entering Ukraine, starting a war and call it a special operation to help the people… a same sorr of idiot did the same around 1943
avada kedavra
Wasting a beer
Cruelty
Starting an insurrection and endangering public officials over and over again while playing the victim.
Murder
Farting in a crowded elevator
Putting the law into someones life
Abusing a pet.
Setting up the toilet roll, with the paper running next to the wall.
I'll throw in the scores tele vangelists/ pastor types who make religion as believable as possible by being openly demonic but then feed the gullible tales of God telling them who the new savour is. Although it always turns out God was talking shite.
Should Gary Plauche who murdered the man who kidnapped, raped and killed his son not be forgiven?
Has always been hilarious and always will be
Which US american state would you live in for a comfortable life?
Alabama. Cause I’m already comfortable there.
California
None of them I wanna move back to Korea lol If I had to choose though I'd choose Louisiana
South Dakota, Montana, or maybe Wyoming.
In the US you could lead a comfortable life in any state if you were wealthy. It's all about the money.
Arizona or Montana.
California
From Philippines and given my career in US, Cali. Comfortable income, free health insurance, pension. Plus the micro climate of my area reminds me of home.
Montana, for better mountains.
If you could replace one mundane aspect of your daily routine with something completely absurd, what would it be?
Brushing my teeth. I'd replace it with eating gummy bears that clean my teeth more effectively.
Showers. But the water comes from below.
Ride to work on the back of a car sized phantom spider
Instead of going to work, I'd do fake business all day. (Look up Tim Dillon Fake Business if this means nothing to you)
Removing cat poo from the litter tray with a shotgun.
Id replace shitting . Its mundane and doesn't deserve a place in our lives. Id replace it with movies and the watching of them
Kinky, I think you might be onto something with that.
Aragog!
What is a common misconception people have about your profession?
that they just throw shit and diagnoses around all willy nilly and that everyone is a little “xyz”
That we are all frat boys (business)
That I am servant
That it’s easy.
That I know what I'm doing. (Dentist)
that I like kids
Very few people have heard of my profession (Enterprise Architect). When they hear me say the title, all curiosity immediately leaves. Not just leaving the room, but leaving the state too. No one wants to hear the explanation, which makes it much easier for me.
That I know what I'm doing.
“Aww you get to play with puppies all day” really a private owned mobile dog grooming business
are you?
i’m scared that you’re flexing this i want to believe you guys despite the controversial experiences i’ve had because please we have no one else
are you a teacher ☹️
i am actually curious (i almost left too but there was smidgen of interest)
are you a health care worker ☹️
What other band sounds like Sublime?
Slightly Stoopid
Yup - slightly stupid.
311
You prob would like ska type music
"This" as Redditors say.
What do you miss about your childhood?
Being with friends on the street and not on a xbox or playstation or worse…
I was ignorant on how fucked the world is
My doll I named Rosie. I had her for years and one day she disappeared. Nobody claimed to know anything about her going missing. Btw I'm a dude.
Lack of responsibilities.
The lack of emotional weight and responsibility. The future felt distant and the present felt more real. I was happier, despite everything. I liked myself more. Anything was possible. Friends were easier to make. Weekends were fun. I had more energy. Now all I do is work and the only thing I look forward to is sleep.
The carelessness
Being happy
The hope and potential I felt for the future. It all went to shit after the towers fell. Since then, it's always been some kind of large-scale disaster or dilemma that keeps me from feeling hopeful.
Good knees. I didn't know it then, but now I wish I had those knees. (Ankles, hips, elbows, fingers, wrists and shoulders would be handy too)
Riding my bike everywhere
Not being fucked up.
Consequences of bad decisions were measured in days.
Playing video games and watching cartoons
Yep. This.
Same with my winx dolls..they are all just gone 😔
I asked this question to maybe feel less alone in these thoughts... so i totally know the feel 🫂
It's not that I am unhappy now, it is just that being happy is better when you don't have the responsibilities and stresses of adult life
I'm glad you are happy now.. adult life is hard(for me)
I am sorry that it is hard for you. Wishing you the best
What is the best supplement for depression?
Sunlight and wel loving and caring friends
cutting out sugar and alcohol
Vitamin D
Sam-e
Exercise.
Chasing supplements is not the way. Yes there are things that are "beneficial" but for the long haul you should really see a trusted psychiatrist.
Cats
Sertraline has he been a massive positive to me. Probably saved my life to be honest
Cannabis
I second this
People who don't believe dinosaurs ever existed, what why?
I’m supposed to believe a giant space rock killed them all? Yeah right. Some of them would still be alive today. Rocks can’t kill more than like…..3 people. Also, all the flying dinosaurs would have had to do is fly around until the lava cooled.
They done their own research and dug up their whole garden and found absolutely zero dinosaur evidence.
I'd imagine the flying ones probably just flew over the Antarctic ice wall and now live in the continents there.
What if Batman went rouge and became a criminal serial killer? Would they be able to stop him?
I see him more as a going magenta kind of guy.
It'd take some significant makeup remover.
That’s a hilarious typo, OP.
He probably has a contingency for that
I can beat Batman.
He'd just rename himself Red Mist.
Not when he's being so fabulous.
I did a spit take on seeing the title lol
What is your Favorite Book that you have read and why?
What futuristic technology are you surprised we haven't developed yet?
Force Fields. One of the crucial techs for deep space travel.
none... there's no term of comparison for humanity to be judged by... all of our advancements - technological or otherwise - are occuring as fast as they can
Idk what you would call it, but nano medicine I guess. Why can't I just take a tiny little robot for pain or sickness that does whatever action it's programmed to do and then disintegrates and dissolves and I pee or exhale it out?
Butt lasers
1960s me really thought we’d have fusion power plants by now.
Commercially viable flying cars.
Teleportation.
Flying cars
Clone people held on some island for 100 percent compatible replacement 'parts' for the uber rich. Tech is there. Just need to isolate the clones and be completely unethical in their slaughter when a organ is needed.
Force fields is an interesting one, as it's applications are a lot include things like force field shields
How will that be different than taking pain relieve pills
Considering how incompetent people are with the regular cars, I totally understand why we still don't have flying cars
The world is a big place. Are you sure it doesn't exist?
Valid point here
I'm not. But I'd think it'd leak.
If us Humans never existed, which species would've evolved in something alike?
Super intelligent dolphins
some other monkey
Some overexcited monkey.
Crows
who are the most famous families where almost every family member is an actor or actress?
Could be the Kapoor family. It's called nepotism.
The Baldwin brothers and a few of their children.
Junius Booth and his sons
Gotta be the Hemsworths nowadays
If the concept of God does exist, why would he care any more than we care about the life of insects?
Because the Bible says he created us in His image.
Do you think insects can comprehend the things we do or the motivation we have to do them? Neither can we understand God.
Because he loves us more than anybody can ever begin to imagine! ❤
Nah he's too busy with American politics to care about insect murder. I reckon he feels guilty that for most of civilization he forgot about America, so now he's chosen some of the most obviously demonic pastors to spread his words that seem to always be lies but that's only my take.
Then WTF is all religion, which is based on purporting to understand the will of gods?
In Christianity, the Bible has many interpretations, some say it is direct insight into God’s will. And others, like myself, disagree. I believe it tells us how to live good lives, but not always why. It may answer the “why” sometimes, but I don’t think enough to fully understand God. That’s where faith comes in, and I trust he has only the best intentions for us.
Why would you trust that any more than mosquitoes should trust we have the best intentions for them?
Because God has exemplified his care to us. If you’re not religious, then I don’t know how to relate it to you. I’m not judging, just saying it’s hard to describe faith to people who don’t believe.
Fair enough. I see so many examples all around me to make mockery of your belief that any god has exemplified its care to us… but I have no actual wish to make mockery of your beliefs. So let’s call it a day.
What is your favorite style of architecture?
Probably gothic
Squidward's House
Barrock
Greek architecture
Spongebob's pineapple is a work of art
Art Deco
brutalist
Baroque
It's all the naked man statues, isn't it?
Did you realy do this? Im sure everyone did clearly got my point, right? Did you guys? +1
I thought you were trying to say Obama was an architect
Wasn’t he?
What if Batman with comics plot armour came to our world to take over?
He may have plot armor, but my city ain't NYC, so there isn't that much highrises for him to use his grappling gun on.
What's a moment from your past that you will always remember?
My first nut My first time asking a girl out My first kiss My marriage My baby’s birth Or none of it if I get dementia. Yay life!
when my husband asked me to marry him. I was only 18 and had never owned a diamond before and the proposal was a surprise and I will never ever forget it. We celebrate our 44th anniversary soon.
Becoming a dutch national champion pro cycling!
Firsts are big. First kiss, first car, first time getting shot at, first time in love… the big ones
The time I began experiencing incontinence, especially the first accident.. it will never be forgotten. On the upside life is way better now anyway haha
when I was 6, my dad, his friend, his friend’s son, and I were walking to go snow tubing (it was snowy). There was a part we had to cross. To set the scene, wawa on the right side and a street with a light on the left. I stopped to tie my shoe but my dad walked across not realizing i bent down to tie my shoe. He looked back, we both looked both ways, and he told me to cross. I began to cross and a Ford truck was turning left into the wawa trying to beat the yellow and hit me. I flew into the wawa window with the glass breaking. Surprisingly I was fine! No broken bones or scrapes I guess thanks to my big puffy winter coat and snow pants. I’m now 21 and realize my jaw clicks on my left side and sometimes hurts if I yawn too big or take too big of a bite of something which i feel is related to the hit.
When I met my girlfriend
My first kiss. The butterflies. The euphoria.
Putting down my family dog.
😂😂😂
That's very sweet. My folks got married at 19 and were together for 59 years. Best of luck to you and your husband!
thank you so much!
What’s a food you absolutely will not eat anymore because you threw it up while being sick?
Mango juice. Threw it up whilst I was pregnant with such force that it also came out my nose.
I ate a whole Dairy Queen ice cream cake as a kid I got so sick that I didn’t eat it again for like 20 years
Roast beef sandwich from Arby’s
Waffles. Pancakes either because they make me think of those waffles.
I ate a tomato as a kid , and I threw up since then I don't eat tomatoes
I will actually eat it occasionally now, but for a solid decade or more I wouldn't touch chocolate fudge because a big slice of it was the last notable thing I ate before coming down with a bad stomach bug as a kid.
Noodles I didn’t chew enough 🤮
Didn't throw up, but was over at a friend's house, he was cooking a chicken-garlic pizza from Papa Murphy's when I got a kidney stone. He drove me to the hospital after taking the pizza out of the oven and I haven't been able to smell one, much less eat one, after that.
I spent last Christmas even sick as hell from a bologna sandwich the day before—I’m not going to be ready to trust bologna again for a long long time
In the 80s I had catastrophic food poisoning after eating KFC I vowed never to eat KFC again I relented In the 90s I had catastrophic food poisoning after eating KFC I vowed never to eat KFC again I relented You'll never guess what happened in the 00s
Muscles. Came on me like gang busters. Can’t bring myself to get them again.
Sushi. Seaweed does not feel fun coming up.
Peanuts, but I can eat peanut butter
That instant coffee that comes in the rectangular tins and are flavored pre creamed and sweetened.
Green been casserole
Chic fil A gave me food poisoning the one time I ate it.
Doritos dipped in cream cheese
Dole's Pineapple Juice.
Garden burger
For me, that food was spaghetti. I was on some medication once when I was pretty young and one of the side effects was nausea. On one fateful night, my mom made spaghetti and it did not go well for me. I threw it up and would barely touch spaghetti again for roughly 20 years. I have since started eating it again, though.
Once ate a plum that was over ripe and threw up in my mom's car. Since I only eat under ripe fruit. 35yrs and still going
Sunny D
Corn nuts it was awful.
Red peppers. I can only tolerate it when cooked/overfried, it can't be raw or crispy. I can't stand the taste of it, it tastes just like the vomit itself. Nasty. Ugh.
Chicken parm
Mac and Cheese
Clams. Never, ever, ever, ever again. was home violently ill for two days.
Mushrooms
Strongbow Dark Fruits. To be a silly fresher again
Hollandaise sauce 🤢
Red Robin cheeseburger I was so violently ill from it gave me vertigo. I just don’t eat there.
I can't do cola cordial anymore, it was legit the only thing I could keep down during a particularly nasty bug and had me shitting green. Can't really look at it the same.
Blueberry pancakes. Other things with blueberry? Fine. Other pancakes? Also fine. The combo still makes me queasy, and it’s been years.
Cheerios
Quinoa
Tequila
Orange juice.
Burger king whopper
Mint chocolate aero bubbles. Ate the full packet,10 mins later came back up. Wasn’t quite as good the second time, put me off for life
I was at a restaurant that had herbs in the hashbrowns. I wasn't a fan. But I coincidentally caught a stomach bug, and the symptoms hit me after lunch. I barfed bits of herbed hashbrown for 6 hours. The last 3 hours were just bile and bits of potato. I occasionally try to eat hashbrowns again, but I am still not really enjoying them.
Risotto. I still like rice and pasta in different shapes but I don’t know lol
If you did not know, Apple Juice can go bad. My grandmother served me apple juice when I was a kid and I drank an entire glass, just thinking it tasted a bit odd. It was so disgusting, I threw it up and avoided apple juice for many years. Ugh.
Chilli. Yuck! I can't eat anything with beans anymore. And to this day nearly 30 years later, the smell makes me feel nauseous.
I use to love the s’mores Girl Scouts cookies they were my favorite. But last year I was eating them the same night I got the flu. Shortly before I was feeling fine and ate some. Then a couple hours later my flu started and I threw them all back up. And now I can’t stand to eat them.
Meatloaf and ketchup, had the stomach flu and ate it, never eaten either since
I want to hear yours, this question sounds like it was triggered by such an experience. For me, eggs that are even 1 day expired.
Same for me but it was a chocolate Easter bunny. I was off chocolate for over a decade.
That's a shame. I had the yummiest mussels in a garlic butter sauce last night. I added chewy Korean rice cakes, which may be odd, but it was awesome. &#x200B; (I hope my comment's not triggering)
Ooh, that sounds awful. Anything tomato based burns worse than other food.
Been there. That one is rough.
I’m not even the one who got sick and it’s triggering me! And I like to eat mussels. So I don’t know what’s going on.
It might be the rice cakes? I'm not talking about the crunchy ones you put peanut butter on...I'm talking about the ones you boil:
What are going to be the consequences of falling birth rates in first world countries?
Better QOL
Automation will take over medial work.
Even longer hold times at the IRS
Less people.
You where born during ancient egypt; What is your job of choice?
I feel like I’m fucked no matter what I choose. Maybe someone who writes and performs hymns.
Pharaoh
Obvious choice is a pharaoh or high priestess. I’m not built for manual labour, lol
Beer making cause everybody will love me 🤷🏽‍♂️🤣
I was once told by a fortune teller that in a previous life I was a scribe in Ancient Egypt
Personal trainer. So I can walk like an Egyptian.
Scribe of some sort. Making papyrus scrolls with the pharaohs cat gods or whatever.
Painting. Their artist sucked.
What are some good jobs out there that pay more than $20 per hour?
Restaurant jobs can pay well,
Depends on where you live
That's like minimum wage here
Astronaut
Any job title that ends in “consultant”
What was your comfort sick meal as a kid?
Saltines and Ginger Ale
soup and crackers or if I was feeling better than that, Campbell’s tomato soup and a grilled cheese. And then my sweet Dad would come home with a little toy or a coloring book or ice cream…
Chicken noodle soup
Toast
Top ramen
As a kid, my comfort sick meal was often chicken noodle soup or a simple bowl of rice with a bit of soy sauce
Chow mein.
Toasted bread
Toast, or pasta noodles with a little butter and salt.
Chicken and rice
Campbells chicken and stars and ritz crackers
Capri Sun packet and a couple slices of cold pizza from the night before
Campbell's chicken noodle and a grilled cheese sandwich
Toast with butter and cinnamon sugar.
Campbell’s Chicken Noodle Soup and a PB&J.
Cooked macaroni with butter
Campbell’s chicken noodle, saltines, and a sprite
Saltines with peanut butter, character shapes Kraft mac and cheese
Toasted bread rubbed with garlic and hot soup.
Campbells tomato soup, grilled cheese with American kraft single. Some type of juice
Chicken noodle soup.
Lipton chicken noodle soup with extra noodles
Toast with copious amounts of butter, always
Poached eggs. Still is actually.
Soft boiled egg with butter in a cup, along with toast. I think it’s an Irish thing.
Grilled cheese and ginger ale
Chicken broth with saltines. I would float them in the broth to get them saturated and scoop out with a spoon. There was a trick to the timing, didn’t want to take them out too soon or they were crunchy with no broth. If you took them out too slow they would disintegrate.
Kraft Mac n cz Edit to add, with A1 sauce. I know, but is delicious and helps with plugged nose too. Clears them right up!
Cream of chicken soup and banana popsicles.
Gosh—I’d be “sick” once a week!
This with a coke. It was the only time we were allowed to drink soda
Same, except ginger ale. For some reason, I never drink ginger ale unless I’m sick.
yes…I sure was blessed.
I only ever drink ginger ale on airplanes. Hits different lol
How do you track your workouts?
I don't
Apple Watch
I use a Fitbit for steps and heart rate. IFit treadmill and FulGaz app for bike- both of these apps record to Strava.
When you order door dash, and your instructions say “leave at my door” do you expect them to knock or ring doorbell?
Yes, but I’ve had it happen a few times where they didn’t. No big deal, since I get the text saying it got delivered anyway.
I don’t expect them to, to be safe I put “ no need to ring bell, thank you! “ or if u want them to then you can put that as well.
I've warned them that the dogs are lunatics. It's on them at that point.
Yes, of course. That's the default. If you don't want knocking or doorbell ringing, put that in the instructions
No. I get the delivery text and that’s all I need.
not door dash but when I select 'leave at door' on other delivery apps I don't expect/want them to ring the doorbell because I'm tracking their location on the app anyway and I can just look through my apartment door and see if the food is there yet
Guys, what is the best line you managed to hook a girl with?
"I think you're interesting, can I take you ice fishing"
20mm line, at least 25ft long. Anything thinner will dig into her skin, I don't like TOO much blood while she's trying to get free. Obviously must be long enough to wrap around cement poles twice, secure with clove hitch knot. 👌
If I I said you have a nice body would you hold it against me? Married 6 years.
You’re interesting and fun. Wanna go find a dark corner and make out?
A line of cocaine.
Sweety your to good to be messing with them players, you should be messing with the coach!
What is straight up narcissism?
Fighting for their opinion after it’s been proven wrong.
Offering solutions to someone's polite excuses for turning down something. They have their reasons and your desire isn't more important. If "I don't want to" is what you want to hear, one might be happy to oblige. :P
Not having self awareness and using others for your own personal gain
Unpopular Opinion: Mordin from Mass Effect. “Had to be me, someone else could get it wrong”.
My mom But in all seriousness. Just because someone does 1 or 2 of these things won’t make them a narcissist. This is what a narcissist is like .. •lack empathy •lack boundaries •belittle people •insult people for fun •want constant attention •want praise •entitled •wants special treatment •triangulate people •gaslight •feel no shame •money hungry •manipulative •have the mindset that someone owes you something •throw temper tantrums •no accountability •dispose of you when you have nothing they need
What's it like to not have a partner?
Blissful at times, lonely at others. But until my future partner is placed in my path, I am perfectly content and at peace focusing on my self improvement every day of my life. It gives meaning to my life and keeps me extremely mentally strong. It might otherwise be in jeopardy if I had a partner.
I guess you'd mostly play Singles instead of Doubles.
You get demolished when playing tennis.
It’s not the loneliness that eats at you, It’s that you feel like you’re defective. Like something is wrong with you, It doesn’t even bother you tho.
I suppose you’re either lustful or you’re fine, it’s all the same, have or don’t have.
Peaceful
relaxed
for me it's great and it's how I choose to live. I don't need to share things or ask someone's opinion or wait for someone to do things or rely on someone for anything. I just do what I want when I want to
What's the difference in behavior from when a guy or a girl crushes on someone?
Guys turn into creeps and stalkers and girls turn into spies trying to leave cryptic clues behind enemy lines. It’s a wonder people ever get together.
What’s the strangest thing you’ve found in your house after you bought it?
Me.
Found a couple empty booze bottles inside the walls. A Bible from the early 1900’s. A mummified squirrel. I left them all in the walls for the next homeowner to find after I’m gone.
Found an empty bottle of beer in the wall when we knocked down the closest. I believe it was from the 1920s
Salt. Small piles in every corner in every room.
I found a 60 year old silver cup to commemorate the Queens coronation. It was engraved with a name and town 300 miles away. The town was close to where my wifes family are from, we made enquiries and were able to to return it to the Son of the lady named on the engraving.
A secret room, sort of. There was a locked door in the basement. I managed to get it open one day and it turned out to be a landing and flight of steps. They had removed the outside door and put vinyl over it.
How did you not feel afraid to sleep while these exist in your house:O ?
This is done by religious people to keep out evil spirits.
Seriously? I thought it was weird but that is just creepy.
Yeah, my mom did it once when I was about 14. Someone she didn’t like came over. I asked why and that’s what she told me.
Religious people are weird.
How often you change your disposable razor blade?
Once my face starts to bleed more than normal after a shave
Every 1 1/2 to 2 weeks.
4 shaves for me but I can't grow a full beard
Thanks
Thanks for sharing
What is your greatest concern regarding the government of China?
That their entire real estate sector will implode and bring down the entire world economy with it.
The CCP is not humane. Thier main focus is to their communist party, not their people. And they've already communicated that they will never be content until the entire globe is under that rule. So even though I'm not concerned about China taking over in 2024, it doesn't mean it won't happen in 2050.
I don’t find myself very often concerned with the governments of china or any other nation that I am not living in or traveling to.
This will be fun to watch.
You may be laughing now, but if the world economy implodes, you won't be laughing then.
What is an everyday action that someone does that seems like magic?
You press a few buttons on this magic box and the food suddenly becomes hot in a minute. Microwaving.
Why are you inside on Sunday?
I'm tired. I have to go back to work tomorrow and I don't feel rested at all. Getting up and doing something seems like too much.
Work
To clean, as all the fun stuff was done on Saturday
Because it’s cold out
I am a homebody
Asking because im inside on sunday. Reading a book like a freakin loser
You want me to stand outside in the rain?
Threw my lower back out.
it's monday here but I was inside on sunday afternoon because I finished work at 13:30 and just wanted to relax at home after that
Because I take it easy on Sundays
Weekend shifts suck.
You can borrow my sweater
People who don't read books are losers
A little rain never hurt anyone
Get well soon dude
I dont know man
Tell that to William Henry Harrison
RIP to the 🐐
What is the worst most disgusting thing you have done because you were horny ?
Used a toilet brush holder to masturbate in the church bathroom 😂
Been pissed on by 2 women
😳 that’s wild
Whats the best break up song to play?
Hit the Road, Jack by Ray Charles.
I am the resurrection: .
Beautiful goodbye - Amanda Marshall
Celebration by Kool & The Gang
One More Minute by Wierd Al.
Not Okay - Robert Grace
recently its been Please Dont Cry, You Have Swag by Hot Mulligan
Let it be - The Beatles
Rest In Peace by Dorothy
we are never ever getting back together helped a lot
Say Something - A Great Big World, Christina Aguilera
Hide and seek by Imogen Heap
Eminem - So Much Better
“We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together” by Taylor Swift is the best, and “Irreplaceable” by Beyoncé
Video games, blue jeans, young and beautiful Lana del ray.
Blame Brett by The Beaches :)
Symphony of Blase’- Anberlin
50 ways to leave your lover
My personal favorite is I Want You To Know I’m Awake/I Hope That You’re Asleep by Car Seat Headrest
Honky tonk woman
depends on who broke up with whom…. I Can’t Make You Love Me - Bonnie Raitt Free Fallin - Tom Petty
Better Man by Little Big Town
1877-Kars4Kids
Dont you ever get tired (of hurtin' me).. Ronnie Milsap.. oldie but a goodie!
CeeLo Green - Fuck You
The one you write yourself
Don’t Go Away Mad, Just Go Away - Motley Crue
Stunt Rock - Regret the Musical 2 -
She Fuckin Hates Me - Puddle Of Mudd
Self control - Frank Ocean
CANDY by nct.
Your so vain
ABCDE Fck You
I guess if you say so.
I'll pack my things and go
What is your favorite season?
Spring and summer
I'd have to say fall. The weather is more to my preference, I'm into Halloween, the changing foliage.
Winter. I hate being too hot. The cold suits me. And I love the fact that I'm not constantly getting eaten alive by mosquitoes. The starkness of the season appeals to me. And winter just feels calmer, quieter, and less hectic than the other seasons.
Hockey season
Autumn. Summer is too warm Spring is torture because of allergies Winter is beautiful but i live in a region of my country that has one of the harshest winters around
Personally I love fall, but excited for spring to finally be here in the northern hemisphere!
Summer
Summer. Because it's the opposite of winter.
Summer
What is your favorite part of them?
Yesss Halloween! 🎃
Nice! I definitely get that. I love the vibe of getting home and getting hot cocoa and a fire going
Who you rooting for?
Oh man, I just remembered allergies are about to hit.... God damnit
What is your favorite thing about summer?
What do you love about summer?
Probably late spring and early summer when it’s not too hot yet
The best in the league... Canucks
They are already hitting really hard here. 🙃
A lot of neat outdoor places open after Memorial Day. The sunny warm weather. Swimming outdoors at pools and lakes.
Oh sorry, I meant why do you prefer them, but that also answers it 😂
I don't know shit about hockey so I'm gonna believe you haha
Sorry to hear that! May the allergy gods be kind to you going Forward!
Good I love swimming ☺️
Haha no worries man. It's a simple game and fun to watch.
I love swimming too
What is your favorite car brand?
Subaru
Lexus
BMW
Edsel.
Volvo
Toyota. Bullet proof for 20 years at least.
Mini Cooper
Honda. I'm closer to 60 than 50. I've had 5 different Hondas, two Civics, one Accord one Odyssey and now a CRV. I've had 3 different Nissan's. One Sentra, one Pathfinder, one Quest. I had a Yugo. I had one Chevy. A two door 4 wheel drive Blazer. I had a Mercury. I've had one Toyota, a Rav4, in 2015 and I traded it in for my CRV in 2020. I've had one Mercedes, a 2003 C230 Compressor hatchback. I've had one Porchse, a 2000 Boxter, Arena Red, it's in my garage still along with my Honda CRV. I bought the Boxter used in 2007 not long after my divorce from my cheating wife.
Tesla, Honda, Mercedes, and BYD
Hyundai
I still miss my 2004 WRX. What a blast that car was.
I like Lexus too
What kind of Girl Scout cookies do you still have hoarded away?
I eat them too fast. Former girl scout here.
What is a "Based on a true story" movie that is very misleading?
Fargo, the Cohen bros outright said it was just to add dramatic tension, and then continued using the tag in the TV series.
The Fourth Kind
JFK is basically 99% bullshit.
The Social Network. Mark Zuckerberg said it's mostly fiction and that the only thing they got right was recreating his style in college.
Who will win the US presidential election?
Joe Biden
An old geezer who shouldn't have won the primaries
A geriatric.
Biden. Trump is doing nothing to win over the centre ground. That's where elections are won and lost.
Corporations. Again.
Whoever fundraisers the most
Putin
My neighbour Steven.
Hopefully, none of the current contenders. Democrat or Republican, I feel like the current crop of politicians have their heads so far up each others asses they can taste what the other had for breakfast. And the corporate shills who lobby them can get fucked too.
Mulder/Scully 2024
China.
Not us.
Trump
Primaries are rigged by the RNC and DNC. Our electoral process is a Buncha bullshit
Zelensky
lord help us if he does!
What do they get out of a fascist man child and a senile old man who can't speak in full sentences
Truly
I wish I could tell you, but that’s who they want.
How old are the majority of drug addicts?
272.4 dog years.
This question is stupid on at least four levels that I can see.
Any age, mate.
All the ones I know are under 18
42
I’m sorry I didn’t mean to offend. Was just curious as to what age group was the most effected.
Yea no shit kid!?!?!!!!!! I mean what age are the MOST effected. Goofy!
Not offensive, it's just a stupid question.
Kid? Lol
No need to cry and wine to your parents.
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings lol
When was the first time you got in a fight?
Reddit comment section 😂
I pissed off the class bully because I was 10 and mimicked his stutter he punched me in the ear as we walked out the building I hit him in the face and broke his nose before my ear started ringing and burning we both basically ended up in pain sayings you good? You ok? He ended up being a good buddy lol
What’s an “I feel old” moment ?
Childhood Heroes start dying
Mystery pain is a new norm.
When music you loved in your youth are now on classics lists/channels
recently overheard some kid i know who’s 10 years old say that frozen came out before he was born. wtf.
Young talents knowing all excel formula’s just out of ther head, and having it fixed within a minute while you struggle for ages
My childhood game came out 10 years ago
Getting excited about new appliances
I was at a college party my senior Year and I was flirting dancing with a girl and she said oh this song is pretty good I never heard this before. It was Green Day. And I was at first like oh good is this underage girl that snuck into college party but then I realized oh no she probably wold be too old for their spotlight in pop culture. That was the day I was like I'm never hooking up with College girls I don't know anymore.
When you mention recent events with colleagues and they comment on how it happened before they were born.
When celebrities and famous athletes are suddenly younger than you
someone born in 2006 being 18 sounds insane to me
The stores you frequented in your youth go out of business such as Toys R Us and Media Play
Or when you still seek out new music but realize all the new music you like is in the style of music that was popular in your 20s
Well I was born after 9/11 lol
Gen Z is our time to show lol
Some of My friends are born 2006 so it doesn’t feel that insane anymore but ppl after 2006 is crazy
What do you mean? Aren't you still in diapers? 😅
After 4K screens and the successor to that technology, what is the thing you look forward to most in the next 10 years for visual technology?
Visual technology? Restoring blind people's sight!
Aren’t 8k screens already a thing?
3D that doesn't require glasses. Or screens that can truly mimic different textures, like brick and skin. Mimic to the point you can't tell you're looking at a screen because there's no glare, reflection, etc.
They are, but still nowhere near as much coverage in the market globally speaking, as 1080p and 4K. We still have a way to go until they are 'everywhere' like they will be in another 10 years forward.
What is the most evil thing you did and still regret that?
cared too much
Tried to poison my little sister after I lost a board game at like, 10.
When I was like 6 I picked on a non verbal girl with Down syndrome a lot
I starved my two pet turtles to death when I was 6
What is your favorite food?
Curry
Paella
Thai
I genuinely cannot recall I single time when I haven’t absolutely LOVE a meal that had phở
Chicken and rice
Roast chicken
Swedish Sausage Stroganoff. Moved away from Sweden 4 years ago and that is the thing I miss the most since it is basically impossible to make here I live now.
Pickles
Grilled ribeye steak
What was one thing your parents did that permanently mess you up?
Conceived me. It's been all downhill since then.
Being conceived into this world. It has fucked me up in a degenerative way
my dad cheated on my mom
As I'm learning now, the constant high expectations and blaming me as being lazy and unmotivated as to why I didn’t get straight A's in school. The constant pressure, and lack of anywhere I felt safe to tall about all the stuff happening so i buried everything until just one day, its like the centre just shut off. I didn't feel sad, depressed happy... I felt nothing and it was "blissful" I suppose. I still dont understand emotions, I struggle with empathy on some levels. I'm socially broken and perpetually exhausted. Maybe, just maybe if my mom listened to the doctor telling her I might be autistic as a 3 year old my life could have turned out much better. Im doing way better now, fwiw ... compared to where I was and I have myself to thank, but this was a long journey and I entirely hold my mom at fault (though, not necessarily holding that against her)
I’m still assessing the damage…
Got divorced. I was really little, and both my parents worked, so I didn't really see either one of them. My dad moved our of state for a few years and I only ever saw him a few times a year.
Well, I got verbally abused several times. And that's messed up my life for real lol.
Be jehovah witnesses
getting mad at me for having anxiety, particularly my mom, screaming at me and such when i would have panic attacks because she hates how i “overreact so much”.
No one else’s family says I love you right?
I have my own story. I believe when my mom yelled at me over the fifty-states because I struggled to remember them anf the assignment where I had to recite them(on ten states, but my mother wanted me to recite like 20) and she yelled at me for what seemed like hours. She also beat up my sister in front of me then last year she told me shes starting to hate me
When I was 16, my Dad, who was my Hero at the time, told me, "The reason why you have no friends is because you're fucked up." It wasn't until I studied psychology in my 30s did I discover that I'm not actually "fucked up", but rather, a very rare personality type and misunderstood by almost everyone, including him.
They failed to protect me.
Having me but then I also pity them for their parents mistakes. What a curse
my mom would say extremely horrible things to me and mentally abuse me
You and me both, at least we can try to find solace that we are not alone even if the connection is only digitally
Sounds like your dad was right
What's the most memorable thing Katy Perry ever did, that you remember above everything else?
Her appearance on Sesame Street.
She was present for the glory of Left Shark.
Her tv commercial for meal delivery.. in her famous latex dress
Didn’t she sexually harass a contestant on whatever show she was a judge on?
Marrying russel brand
idk man
Her sex tape?
Hosting American Idol. Lol
Hear me roar
Is she still a thing?
Stage dived while Relient K played a cover of Lose Yourself. What a great cover.
The fact that her song Peacock is somehow remarkably unshallow for a song about dick and yet it’s pretty rapey and no one noticed at the time. Proving you don’t need to be a shallow bitch to be a predator.
Don't she like... kiss a dancing shark? And it tasted like cherry chapstick?
I saw her when she was coming up at a Jingle Ball holiday concert. Before her set she came out and said, “This isn’t my first show, but it sure is my biggest so far.” And I know it’s a personal thing, but I really like it when women say that to me.
Have nice boobs
I remember watching her ask Neil Degrasse Tyson questions and it was the first time I’ve ever seen her talk at length before. I genuinely couldn’t believe how stupid she is. She proceeded to ask him stupid questions for like an hour straight and I was just mesmerized by this adult’s level of stupidity. It was shocking. I have know idea how she manages to remember how to walk on stage she’s so fucking stupid.
Oh she was also sued for sexual harassment and it was settled out of court. An ex bodyguard I believe it was who filed?
She is – but not as popular a celebrity as was before the Covid-19 thing happened
What kind of jobs can you get with a web design or graphic design associates degree?
Web designer, graphic designer, advertisment designer, application gui designer…
What is the smallest thing you are willing to die on a hill arguing about?
I couldn’t care less vs I could care less
The wedge salad has no right to exist
David Duchovny is the sexiest man alive
I'm okay with blue cheese mold going extinct.
That this is the last time I will ever comment on this specific question that gets posted at least once per day!!!!!!!!
Ketchup has no business on anything except modest amounts on French fries and burgers
The Wheel of Time show is good.
Tomb Raider (1996) is still an amazing game even in 2024.
Cheese in a can sucks ass lmao
Don’t tell me who I am dammit!
The entire "No Russian" mission in MW2 2009 is just a major plothole. They had cameras, and could have easily noticed fucking Makarov, the FAMOUS russian Ultranationalist was there. Using American guns does not mean an American attack. PFC Allen could have just shot Makarov and his cronies for many reasons: 1. Nobody wore bulletproof helmets. 2. Allen could have stood behind them the entire time. 3. You aren't punished in any way for not firing the gun at civs. This mission is the exact definition of a contrived and forced plot.
1920's fashion is superior to anything we have today.
Couldn’t
Both are correct just not to be used interchangeably. I could care less about this conversation (I’m commenting after all) but I couldn’t care less if my shorts match my shirt
Damn you
At least his hand is
Didn’t say I was original :/ (also I came up with this last night and my dumbass thought it was original lol)
Correct. Reddit gold for you! Just kidding, I’m broke.
You’re right. Context matter. Too bad they’re all used in the same context where only one is sensible.
Damn 😭
What's something you've always wanted to try or learn, but haven't had the chance yet?
Archery
Being a good drummer
I’d love to learn guitar
Learn the violin and piano.
I would love to learn how to play on piano.
What kind of swim suit mishap has happened to you in public?
I learned the hard way that you don't wear a two-piece in hard surf. I got knocked down by one wave, and it took my bottoms down. The next wave rucked my bikini top up. I couldn't stand up without embarrassing myself. I was drowning.
the swimsuit i bought didnt look good on me and i was embarrassed
How old were you
When I was 8 my little cousin and me were playing and he didn't mean too but he pulled my shorts down. Thankfully, only my mom and cousin were there so it wasn't embarrassing.
When I was in highschool, I wore basketball shorts at a beach party cause i never had a reason to have swimming shorts. Didnt have my glasses on and ran towards my friends from the shore. Well, basketball shorts without the strings tied up get really heavy when wet and dropped to my knees so i dove in the water before anyone noticed (they noticed). As I arose from the water, they were not my friends, but a group of traumatized teens. Had to let the waves roll me back in on that one and avoided any further eye contact.
What kind of swim suit mishap has happened to you in public?
What’s your favourite movie?
I.... don't have one anymore... It used to be Robot Jox.
Happy Gilmore and it's annoying they're making a sequel.
The Dark Knight Rises
The Boondock Saints, we’re all fucking Irish tonight!
The Old Guard
Cars
The house that jack built
The Return of the Living Dead (1985)
Either Evolution (2001) or The X-Files: Fight the Future (1998).
1. Gladiator 2. The Lord of the Rings 3. Shaun of the Dead 4. Terminator 2: Judgment Day 5. Pulp Fiction 6. The Shining
Last Holyday
The 1956 film "The Ten Commandments."
The Secret of NIMH
LOTR-Return of the King.
Any Troy fans here?
Just tap it in, tap tap tappy
what do you wish on someone you dislike?
If they have done nothing to me? To never see me again. If they have done something to me? For their hot water to never be very hot and there cold water never cold. A merky and miserable luke warm for life
All the best but staying far away from me. There is already enough hate in the world….
Their most hated song stuck in their head
That they'd finally realize what an asshole they are and go on a healing and transforming journey into a better person
May they get everything they wished for everyone else returned to them tenfold
Nothing. I don’t care enough to wish anything on them.
I don’t wish ill on anyone though if they have a personal issue with me I just hope they can come to a realization how petty they were. They have to live with that pettiness while I hope to move on better things because there will always be someone who cares about me.
Ebola.
Death.
I wish them just good things
That they go to prison for life for everything they did and for now got away with
That they lose all the remotes in their house and never find them 😜
I'd like her to finally be imprisoned for her crimes.
Overall I don't dislike people unless they're trashes so... An acid bath to them
Nothing... me disliking someone or their views does not mean they should suffer in any measure... there's room for everybody
Saying away from me, forgets my existente. I whis this person get happy and forgets I am alive and live their life whitout interfering on mine.
I don’t care enough to wish ill on anyone I dislike but if I did, I’d wish for all their meals to be slightly too salty, and for all their charging wires to only work at one specific angle
If they commited a crime against me, legal repercussions, but if I just dislike a person because I can't sympathize I would mind my own business
to go thru the same hardships they put me thru. and experience it the same if not worse. this is not coming from a place of intense hate or negativity or even just being petty. people nowadays really need a taste of their own medicine
i once told a rude old lady that i hoped she outlived her grandchildren
For them to work on themselves.
nothing. I just have literally no interest in them
Their resting place to be that 6ft hole I dug
Shame, losing everything in life, death. Many things. Are you looking for suggestions?
I don't do revenge, if you were really that good of a person your absence will be punishment enough .
That’s evil I love it
"One should respect elders" Do you agree with this or not? Why?
I just respect everyone until I get to know them better
Depends. Generally yes but elders should not feel entitled just because they expect to be respected. I think respect is earned
The older you get the more you realize sometimes your elders are wrong. Like really wrong
I am respectful and polite to everyone until they give me a reason not to be. But if they give me a reason, I avoid them cuz im not getting down to their level.
Depends on the elder. Most of the time, in my experience, absolutely not. Entitled shits.
Of course. Everyone deserves to be treated with basic human respect and common decency until someone gives you a reason not to. It's wrong that respect shouldn't be shown to a group of people (within normal social boundaries and laws etc)
I can show you more tolerance because you might not move or think as fast as you once did, and I can cut you some slack for having been raised at a time when moral values were different. Doesn't mean that you get a pass for being willfully ignorant, clinging to outdated ideas, or generally being a dick because that's easier than evolving.
respect is a 2way street
If they’re rude of course they won’t get any respect from me. Other than that yeah respect
Theres basic human respect you should show to everyone, and deeper respect that is earned. But no part of that is an automatic extra respect owed to anyone older than you
Yes, you should give everyone a base level of respect like your teachers, or your parents. Extra respect comes once they've earned it, like friends.
No. Respect has to be earned, young and old alike. There is basic decency we owe to everyone though, even to those we hate.
I agree with this if said elder respects youths too
I can only say It’s important to recognize that respect should be earned and not demanded, regardless of age
One should try to, at least.
Yes and one should respect younger too.
I respect them for having lived longer than me, but I reserve the right to change my opinion.
no, I just respect everyone until they do something that makes me lose respect, doesn't matter how old they are
I think respect is earned
To an extent otherwise that's elderly abuse. But that doesn't mean you have to take everything they say as infallible commandments.
No one gets a free pass by default.. They have to earn your respect just like everyone else.
Respect should be earned regardless of who you are
World War 3 has started and every large major country is involved, where would you exile to for peace and easy living?
The People's Federal Republic of LoosePilotistan. We're more neutral than Switzerland - and that's why you've never heard of us.
Island 346521. You wouldn't have heard of it. Johnny Cast'Away lived there briefly.
I'd probably "exile" to a different state, one more in the middle of the US.
If WW3 breaks out theres nowhere to hide, nukes have a way of getting everyone in the end
The dark side of the moon
Antarctica
There's no more "easy living" if WW3 starts. But I'd settle for a campsite somewhere in the dense forests of the Pacific Northwest. Hidden from everyone.
If WW3 starts, the last thing I would want to do is to escape and have an easy life. I would instead sign up to fight.
I don't think you understand how short WW3 would be, you'd get the warning and within a few minutes it'll all be over apart from the fallout.
Even though colorado has a military base it would be one of the hardest to take due to terrain and invading forces not being used to the elevation. Also if they reach CO we're probably fucked.
I'm with this one lol
Fighting who? What would you be fighting for personally?
Wow I’ll take you with me any day
What's the best gaming system for someone with no gaming experience?
Nintendo is generally designed to be beginner friendly
Any Nintendo console
OLED Nintendo Switch. I’m in my 50’s and the wife and I bought this system for ourselves as a Christmas present. Great system. I have a PS 3 but almost always play the Switch.
PC if that's out of reach playstation. Nintendos great but limited on game selection
buy a pre-built gaming pc and install "steam" and "epic games launcher". steam is the single best online store for video games, it has sales multyple times per year. epic games store is mostly good for the fact that it gives you free games each week.(and those games are not normally free). the reason I am telling you to buy a pre-built pc is because you are a begginer, so doing research and trying to figure out which parts to buy can be tricky(this is the only hard part on building your own pc, the building itself is easy). also make sure to buy a controller that connects with your pc. don't buy a super cheap one, I learned the hard way that those break easily. you don't need to buy a super expensive one either. 25 euros should get you a good one that is compatible with most if not all games.
What is the last book you read?
Harlan Coben the boy from the woods
13 reasons why
The Lies of Locke Lamora.
Unlawful Killings
Only textbooks in the last 3 years 😞
Family happiness by Lev Tolstoy
Into The Water by Paula Hawkins. It's fine not as good as Girl on the Train
learn about your intestine.
The last book I finished was Harvard Classics, Vol. 22 (The Odyssey by Homer, translated by S. H. Butcher and Andrew Lang). The last book I read from was Harvard Classics, Vol. 46. It's Elizabethan Drama I, consisting of Edward II by Christopher Marlowe and Hamlet, King Lear, Macbeth, and The Tempest, which I'll be reading through the end of June. I'm participating at r/YearOfShakespeare and the selection for March is Hamlet, April is King Lear, and June is The Tempest, so that's perfect for this book, which I was going to read anyway because I'm planning on reading all of the Harvard Classics series. Unfortunately, they aren't scheduling Macbeth at all this year, but I can read it on the side in May along with my Dover Thrift Edition of Much Ado About Nothing (which is that month's selection), which I kept from a Shakespeare class I took in college. I went back and started Edward II this morning and I'm already up to the fourth act. I've read it many times before, though, and most recently when I reread all of the plays of Christopher Marlowe in Christopher Marlowe: The Complete Plays edited by Mark Thornton Burnett back in 2022. It's one of my favorite non-Shakespearean history plays along with the highly underrated Perkin Warbeck by John Ford.
Starry Messenger - Neil DeGrasse Tyson
Cheating In A Nutshell. Reading it now actually so I'll say this is the book I've last read.
Aurora by Kim Stanley Robinson
Lapvona by Ottessa Moshfegh it was dark
12 Rules for Life by Dr. Jordan Peterson.
Dune Messiah. I’m now near the end of Children of Dune.
Twilight, only because I had to do 8 months in county jail like right when that shit came out. Lol and I hate reading books, shit is boring as hell, but only things to do when they put your ass in the hole for 60 days. Hahaha
With the price of living going up, what is a food item you will never buy in generic form?
Pepsi
You’ve been put into Witness Protection and have been told to “become a different person”. What are some changes you make to your personality or way of life?
Nice try, Fat Tony.
I'm now Sarah Smar'Heeth. I eat tuna, and go to church on Sunday. The only video game I play is The Sims. The Sims is good. It's life. But then there are tacos.
Try and be more outgoing and social
OP has an ice pick and a dream
Go to the gym, become more an outdoorsy person, maybe have a small farm and turn my hair red. I'd also be totally happy with a new face 😄
become a different person? I don't understand, what does that have to do with being in witness protection?
Humanity has yet to come together and talk about what we want for ourselves as a species. What would you have to say about the subject; what do you want for our species?
Peace and prosperity for all.
In my opinion, I don't feel like people have enough differences to cause so much conflict in this world. We fight over every little things, which are normally someone's beliefs, whether it be religious, political, or cultural. It's crazy to me.
Health and wealth
Working together as a whole unit, one world one people towards a peaceful comfortable life for all, not just the 1%
When have you experienced a profound sense of calm amidst chaos?
This is quite dark, was cycling quite early in the morning once. Just before rush hour. Wasn't really paying attention and next thing I know I thought I was going to get run over by a car at 45/46 mph. When I say it was the most calm I have ever felt and just sorted accepted it. Man that was a nice feeling
I was on a mental health call and a client began to unlock a small safe with a gun in it so we left and called the cops still assessed him once contact was made. My partner tapped out for the rest of the night but I was fine and kept working the rest of the shift
In the midst of a panic attack while sharing a prayer request at my church. The congregation all came over to me, laid hands on me and prayed for me. I remember screaming out a silent prayer for help, and immediately saw a vision of Jesus holding His hands out to me. That’s all I saw was His hands. He told me to focus on His hands and describe them to Him. That got me out of the panic attack, and I felt immediate peace.
What are your thoughts on Pickleball?
super fun
Not as fun as badminton, but it was an easy gym credit.
It's like such a tease for me. It just makes me want to slam a tennis ball with a racket with greater force down the court, lmao. It's still like party fun. like Tennis Ping Pong
Great fun form of hard cardio. Will need to remortgage if you want to play regularly in my country though.
Should be added to the Olympics
I just bought it!
It's pretty fun!
Anything that gets folks out and doing something is OK by me. I prefer tennis myself, but to each their own.
What is a cute dating story from your parents?
They met on a uni campus and my dad was a stranger helping my mom with her computer
How they met- my mom was in a hot tube my dad was skiing and hit it and fell in and they began talking and he asked her out. Got married 6 months later and are still together 30+ years later
My dad used to write love notes, attach them to his dog’s collar, and open the door. His dog had made a habit of walking to my mom’s house during the day anyway to play with her dog, and get treats, so Dad decided to use him as a mail delivery service 😂
they met on the beach and for my dad it was love at first sight. They met August 1, 1955 and celebrated that date every year until my dad passed.
That’s a weird question ngl
What happened to you that made you cut ties with a former friend?
I hung out with different friends that are genuinely good people and I begun to realize how toxic some of my prior friends were and slowly cut ties over time. When all you do is hang out with toxic people you don't realize how toxic they are until you start hanging with non-toxic people
One way effort
I realised my friend was toxic, and could never compliment me without sounding mad or somehow putting me down in another way. It felt like she was my rival sometimes and I was fed up with this.
She had been my friend since seventh grade, and she testified in favor of my rapist in court... then she dated him after.
Said former friend was inappropriately hitting on the woman I was seeing at the time, making all kinds of crass comments.
Crossing boundaries and lies. Some things can be fixed with open communication, taking accountability and by realizing that you made a mistake and admitting it. But when a person can’t even admit that they crossed boundaries, made mistakes and lied about them, the trust is too broken.
Guy I knew since high school and considered a good friend back then. We went to different colleges and had different majors. Once he graduated and got a job he wouldn’t shut up about how much money he was making. He’d also ask others how much they made.
Betray my trust. Not stand up for me when I’m not there. See bad shit happen and turn away and not acknowledge it. Most people are fake as fuck, it’s just unfortunate that it’s only after you invest so much into someone that you find out
They stopped including me and I tried to initiate conversation about it 3 times to see if I had upset them in any way or if they needed space etc. nothing came of the conversations. I’m gutted about it because they meant so much to me but I realise now I mustn’t have meant as much to them. I don’t feel badly about them and wish them all the best - and I do miss them. But trying to remain friends was leading me to being upset feeling so left out even after voicing how I was feeling and trying to rectify it 🤷‍♀️
One of my best friends. It wasn't a specific situation... just multiple little things adding up - backhanded comments, jealousy, always talking shit about her other best friends, never happy for me and my accomplishments, always having to 1 up me. and ultimately feeling drained every time I would spend time with her. We were friends for about 10 years. Haven't spoken to her in 3 years and I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I take the phrase "you are who you surround yourself with" very seriously and I'm so glad I cut her out of my life. Everyone I consider a close friend to me at this point in my life is uplifting, supportive, and respectful. Life feels so much lighter.
Friendship of 30 years down the tubes thanks to Trump. Dude went balls deep into the Flavor-aid.
Slimey snake, she developed scales every time she lied lol
she moved her boyfriend into our apt (after two or three months of dating) without fully asking, didnt make him pay bills even though he probably makes triple what we make combined, and when i brought it up and explained how her actions were impacting me, she manipulated me into thinking im all she has (very false) and that she was soo sorry she made me feel that way. and yet, two months after this discussion in which i took a long time to write a four page letter detailing EVERYTHING, she boiled it down to me being mad that she was happy. weird narcissist person that doesnt know how to be alone, doesnt have ANY sense of forethought, chaotic and disgusting as HELL, and never actually fucking knew me or was my friend that probably sees me as the villain and some jealous bitch. but i truly couldnt give a rat’s teet what she thinks bc i know the situation! and hope the best for them! bc who the fuck says that when it isnt just. so weird. and im glad im out of that situation and shes out of my life forever. so much peace and quiet now
He fucked my wife and stole a couple thousand dollars.
They developed a crush on my abusive ex after watching our toxic relationship spiral and started justifying everything he did to me
She happily told me a little story about how she slept with her friend's husband. Like it was nothing, like she'd forgotten to pay from a Mars bar at the till when she was grocery shopping. I knew she had fairly flimsy standards for her partners... but betraying her friend just for the sake of a quick lay was something else entirely.
Treated as "less than" and excluded from events
She dabbled in drugs in high school so there became this ‘my sober friends vs the times I’m with the people I do drugs with’ and would fall off the face of the earth for months at a time. When she would contact me, I’d be excited and then respond and hear nothing. She had a baby, got sober, we reconnected for a few months, then she went silent again. I gave up, but I truly hope she’s doing well because she & her child deserve that.
One of them said that I was "too woke"
She told me she had a brain tumour.. spoiler alert, she didn’t
The refused to remove a picture of my children from their Facebook. I barely post my own kids , and I have less than 50 friends on there I know personally . This was almost a decade ago, maybe it would have gone over better now , but I've always been incredibly paranoid about who has access to pictures of my children on the internet . Too many fucking creeps .
trump
When my best friend started cheating on his wife.
Talked shit behind my back
She said a mutual friend that we told them we thought they were drunks and hated them. I told her we never said that. She said “well that is what she said.” Yeah, low no contact after that.
Only time I've ever really cut ties was a friend who wouldn't take no for an answer. They tried for years to get me to date them. Eventually it got too annoying saying I just wanted to be friends.
I'm that friend who used to be there always to make sure my friends were ok or if they needed anything. I took care of friends when they got veryyyy drunk, was there thalking them through all their relationship problems even if it meant talking to them on the phone until 1am, and was even there for a friend when they had appendicitis and helped them through it. Same friends didn't even bother checking in on me or even doing the minimum by asking me if I was ok 6 months ago when I was going through the roughest time in my life. So I cut them out and made new and better friends. But I do have a harder time trusting people now.
We hung out almost every weekend. Had a feeling something wasn’t right (I was in High School). When I left for college never contacted him or responded to his messages. Invited him to my wedding though (he didn’t respond). With a few years more experience I realized he had a same sex crush on me. For decades he would occasionally send blank cards to my office with no return address, leave an anonymous message at my church email, and other things like that. nothing threatening but I knew it was him. He died suddenly last year, when I read his obituary found out he never married. Made me sad. RIP Chuck.
They died
he lied to other people that i kissed him
She would make me feel guilty for everything. Like, if we had plans and i had to work late that night or something.. she wouldn't call or message to check in. She would wait until the next day just to make me feel bad. Another time my parents threw an engagement party for my aunt and all her rich fancy soon to be in laws were there. Apparently she was in my bedroom getting eaten out by my brothers friend and one of the kids from the new family walked in on them. Instead of apologizing, she started to cry and try to make me feel bad about yelling at her. Her boyfriend friends would make fun of my boyfriend and she wouldn't say anything about it or defend him. Last thing I told her was to go fuck herself and we haven't talked in over 15 years.
They drove me to attempt suicide and also drove me to self-harm.
She told me "I like your dad" in a weirdly disturbing way
She said she could cure my depression with meth. I know mentally I wasn't in a good place at the time but I was not anywhere near to trying that.
She was/is an alcoholic. She was horrible to me on a trip and got mad when I removed myself from the situation.
I've cut ties with TONS of people these last years. The most common reason was : leaving me on read far too often. For 3-4 of them, it was also because they kept taunting about a specific subject that causes me a huge mental distress. I asked them to stop, got angry 1-2-3-4-48 times, put an ultimatum : they never stopped. That qualifies them as garbage for me.
Jealousy. She was extremely jealous of me and kept trying to copy everything I did
I didn't. They did.
They offered no condolences after hearing the news of me losing someone close.
trump.
He got jealous that his family liked me too much lol.
I found out they were a "fair-weather" friend
She turned into a nasty bitter woman and betrayed me in a terrible way
He was trying to use our friendship to fill his loneliness & need for intimacy, when I have a life of my own & couldn’t be the friend he wanted me to be. Always getting mad at me or creating drama. Would put me down & act like it was just a joke. Then he got deep in the throws of an ED & alcoholism and pushed me away when I tried to help. When he got arrested for a DUI, he got mad that I didn’t answer his call in the middle of the night (I didn’t know it was him calling) & blamed me for having had to spend the entire night in jail. Then ghosted me for almost a year. I’m done. We were BEST friends for about 15 years.
He went full MAGA. And he's old enough to know better.
I shared an embarrassing story and he responded 🤭😂 And then lied about the fact that he laughed in my face & told other people my embarrassing story; cause I heard it back from them, and he was the only person I told about it.
They got into Amway.
We were across the street neighbors and I considered him to be one of my best friends. They moved a short distance away during high school and we would still visit when we could. One time we rode our bikes to the beach and he chose to steal an unattended surfboard. I said if he did that our friendship was over. That’s the last I saw of him after like 10 years of childhood friendship. Him riding down the street on his bike with that surfboard under his arm. I’m 54 and still think about that even though it was forever ago. What maybe could have been if we had stayed friends.
I left my job, and recommended him as my replacement . My former boss hired him on my word alone. I get a call like halfway through his first day, and they tell me he walked off the job without saying a word to anyone. I guess I had already kind of told myself that if he fucked this up, I was done with him. He just lived at his grandma’s house and did nothing all day, and I was going to college and working.
He went to jail for stickin up, a few nights there, when I went to his house he was talking and he seemed convinced they were wrong for charging him, last thing I tols him in person was how i was robbed as kid at knife point and how wrong it is, that if he goes that path he is "Tango" then he text me from time to time but im not going back there
Acting like juvenile delinquents in your late 20s.
he was a pathological liar, we agreed to meet 3 different times and every single one of these times he pretended that I didn't tell him anything.
One of my close friends since I was a teenager moved his family to the countryside in a weird prepper move, then attacked his girlfriend. I was so disappointed in him that I couldn't face him again.
It's happened a few times. Once, a friend learned that I was planning to vote for Obama, and our friendship was never the same. Anything I said or did after that would trigger him to send me a lengthy lecture on how I was wrong about literally everything in my life. Another friend was just a bully. His mother told me that he was a bully in school, and even after age 40, he was like a schoolyard bully to me, and he thought it was hilarious. Another friend just snapped one day. We had beers together the night before, and everything was fine. Then he blew up at me over a facebook post that had nothing to do with him, yet he insisted on making it all about him (It was just an announcement that my art group needed a model). He even threatened to quit his job. He lost a lot of friends over his treatment of me.
Female friend of over a decade apparently had feelings for me, I was in a relationship and she went bonkers, I never knew how she felt, she eventually calmed down but started an affair with my then bf just to break us up. It worked, I left him and I'm honestly glad she made me realise that he was trash. I told her that, and broke contact with both of them. My ex was furious and blamed her for the breakup so he tried to off her (she survived, he's in prison). I'm in a new relationship now, huuuge upgrade, new friends and all. One of them started to be clingy with me and toxic towards my bf, it eventually got so bad he'd get mean towards me if i didn't respond to messages so we had to cut him off as well because it just got too much. Other friends told me later he had a thing for me. I really suck at realising things like that, especially when I'm in relationships, I just don't understand how somebody can develop feelings for a person that is obviously taken.
Heroine. Them not me
She chose to reveal private concerns I had about another friend to that friend, which infuriated the person. She also worked behind the scenes to stab me in the back by helping another member of our group be promoted at my expense, so she herself would be the "power behind the throne" after the retirement of our immediate supervisor. She was responsible for the unnecessary dissolution of our friendship and two others, which I considered pure evil. There were a lot of red flags all along but I thought she truly cared about me and considered me important in her life. That she valued two other, newer, more corrupt friends over me was unforgivable.
He was a pot head, and his main focus was to get high over and over again.
Her husband was cooking meth in their garage and she refused to leave him.
She told a guy we'd just met that I sent nudes ... right in front of my face. Him and I were mid conversation, and she just interrupts and says "she sends nudes, y'know." That was the last straw; she'd been spreading rumors about me and destroying my other relationships that didn't have anything to do with her. I lost the rest of my friends when I cut her off because she was the epicenter of our friend group, but that just showed me who actually gave a shit about me and my boundaries. Which was nobody.
I just suddenly realized how toxic and back stabby she was
Just an all around negative person. Seemed to get off on putting me and other people down and enjoyed seeing people in misery. Finally had enough and just cut ties, not sure why it took so many years though
Believing my abuser over me.
He texted my family and friends that he was calling off our guys weekend… because I was sleeping with his wife. Let’s start with the fact I was not sleeping with his wife. While my best friend and best man at my wedding only a year prior, he had endless drug problems and had recently started using heroin on top of his coke. Things got weird. We later realized he had been making up stories in his head for a while and only long after the fact realized the random nonsense he threw out here and there was all leading up to this bigger thing he was inventing in his head. Our other pal tried to stay close to him for another month or so, but then he accused him of the same thing. Miss my best friend every day, but reality is he died the day he pulled that shit. To this day, I can’t get over the fact of having to come to terms that when accused of something so crazy, I had nothing to tell my wife outside of he’s crazy. In the immediate aftermath, nobody knew what was true. It sucked. Years later I’m still fucked up over the entire thing for so many reasons.
Trump. I never minded having friends who were more fiscally conservative, or who favored states' rights in the face of Federal rights - I had very close friends who were Republicans for most of my adult life. And I'm a Democrat, but a pretty centrist one. But sometime in about 2019 - some flip switched for me. No more. Anyone who even remotely identifies with or votes Republican has no place in my life. Done. There's been disbelief and some very hurt feelings, but - Done.
She thinks nothing wrong with being groomed. She was 11 and he was 26 when they met. We are 22 this year.
Google Search "Neal Hart Fulton, NY". He was my best friend growing up. Then he decided to try to set up a meet with an underage boy. That was enough for me to cut ties.
Stopped him from SAing a friend while she was drunk got a lot of guys to handle the situation with me. Knew him for all of high school and close friend until that night hopefully he figured his shit out.
It was all the gaslighting.
found out he repeatedly raped the underage sisters of another friend and we never knew, as well as at least 2 other women, one of which resulted in a pregnancy (aborted) &#x200B; I'm fairly certain if any of us ever see him again we'll be going to jail, he wouldn't live long enough to get there, all the women declined to press charges because we are positive he would deny everything and make them testify
She got hooked on cocaine and alcohol, couldn’t mask the mean unhappy person she was anymore.
Slept with a girl I was dating and was trying to get with many more. Realized it’s better cutting ties than putting myself through it anymore. He tried apologizing but by then I just wanted him out of my life.
I was basically their free therapist, and they only contacted me when they wanted to complain or had nothing better to do. You know how friends lean on each other? Yeah, that wasn't this friendship. It was a one-way street. Constant toxicity and inappropriate nazi jokes whenever our mutual German friend was around. Literally bullied one of the friends in our circle into exiting the circle. Overall, destructive behavior and emphasis on making everything and everyone every bit as miserable as he was.
1979(12 years old). I saved my allowance for a year. I bought a skateboard. Ty Page deck, Gullwing trucks, Kyptonic wheels. Road the shit out of it. My supposed best friend took it because he was jealous. I saw it at his house. Went to his dad to get it back. Never spoke to him again. I am still salty about it.
All they do is drink!
Talked shit about my wife after we took him in off the street. Paid his way for about 6 months. I freaked out via message and told him to fuck off and other cruel things. He then accused us of “stealing” from him, but we paid his way. Some people are narcissistic and selfish to the core.
Drinking got super out of control. He died a year or so later. Currently have a friend doing the same thing. Alcoholism is incredibly sad.
Funnily enough I decided to cut ties with a friend I met up with this Friday. We had not seen each other in a long time and we were also joined by my sibling who lives abroad. Said friend was in a bad mood refused to be photographed etc. She drank heavily at dinner to the point of getting blackout drunk and making a huge fuss about not wanting to pay through a qr code shouting and berating us. She then got really angry when we changed our mind about the next bar shouting at me and saying id wasted everyone's time. I just ended up telling her that I did not accept being talked to in that way and she went off without saying goodbye. Part of me thinks I should check up on her but I am so angry at her behaviour. We split the bill equally so I had to pG for her alcohol despite being teetotal and she was really rude and almost ruined the evening
They told me to get off Reddit because it’s a cesspool.
Anybody that uses our friendship to try to sell me anything
Dude (let's call him Bob) would be so chronically late that it would fuck up a lot of group plans. He lived 4 blocks from me in college. We went to high school together. I was one of the few people in the friend group with a car so I would end up driving for a lot of the stuff we would do. We would coordinate to meet at my house then I would drive us to wherever. The designated meeting time would come, and all friends but Bob would show up on time. No big deal, we would just drive to his apartment and get him. We text him we are coming to get him, be there in 5. We show up at his apartment, he doesn't answer his phone. We can't get into the building because it needs a fob or he needs to buzz us in. We spam his doorbell and call him, he doesn't answer for 30 minutes. He finally responds saying "oh sorry when I saw you say you were on your way I decided to start a competitive match in league and I couldn't quit". And it was like this almost every time we would have group activities. If it was just him coming over to hang out, eh who cares you can be late. But if we had plans to go do something at a certain time he would ALWAYS be an hour late Him and his girlfriend whom he lived with were also slobs. Like you cant even see the floor because it's covered in trash. They literally just sweep trash under their couch to "clean" plus never doing dishes. It would get so bad that our friend group would go over periodically and clean their whole apartment because it was so gross we couldn't stand hanging out there. I just got tired of having a shitty unreliable friend who was inconsiderate of others time, and couldn't even clean up after himself
They made fun of me for not wanting to go to a massive concert around COVID times. Right after one of my friends died of COVID.
She died, which was incredibly rude.
They became quick friends with my mom. Like every friendship I ever had.
What happened to me? I got more assertive and started trying to actively stand up for myself when something was bothering me. What happened to the former friend? Turned out they were homophobic (among other things) and deliberately hid it from me, and thought there were being so generous by being friends with me despite being secretly disgusted by me. Played the victim when I got upset after finding out. I cut ties with them, because I knew they were stubborn in their convictions, and if almost three years of being friends with an openly gay person didn't lead to self-reflection, I doubt anything would. Apparently they've since become openly bigoted and hateful, as well as being a conspiracy theorist, so that's fun.
When my dad died she turned on me. She complained that the news ruined her day because "you know how fond of your dad I was", and told me not to speak with her until I knew when the funeral would be held. When my mother arranged it, I called her to tell her, but she said she didn't want to come because she was going out that night and she "didn't want to be bummed out". She also complained about my mother arranging the funeral of her husband & father of her children on a Friday afternoon, because it would "spoil the whole weekend". I think what really stung was that we had mutual friends and during this entire thing, and even on the day of the funeral itself, they all urged me to show her grace, because it's very hard to know how to act when your best friend of 10 years loses a parent. I thankfully lost a lot of shitty friends around this time.
Utmost devotion to trump and that since I wasn’t a trumpster I was bad for our country etc
She knows.
He went down the QAnon rabbit hole. Started referring to himself as a chosen one because “he could see clearly and everyone else was blind.” Became completely obnoxious. Funny thing is a whole bunch of us in my friend group stopped communicating with him as well and he believes we all had a secret meeting and voted to unfriend him. Nope. Turns out a lot of us just don’t like being around awful people.
She lost her former rationality and awesomeness to conspiratorial thinking, including racism, anti-vax, anti-immigrant sentiment (despite being an immigrant herself) and other toxic thinking.
Political opinion
I had to cut off a good friend I've known since childhood because they become a hard line anti vaxxer and full on conspiracy theorist. It was all they could talk about.
My friend of 30 years blanked me in a shop one day and a few days later tried talking to Me my partner and kids cheek like
they became a bigot
We were prepping for prom and I noticed our ties were a bit too long, so we got a pair of scissors and we cut the ties together.
I just ghosted her so it’s not exactly cutting ties, but she had no backbone and would constantly prioritise her friend who would continually backstab her (they work together, her friend has put her under the bus multiple times before by making formal reports to HR) over me and I felt that wasn’t fair, considering the effort I was putting into the friendship. This friend of hers has also made really offhand comments about my own friends (once making petty comments about my friends car because it was beat up and old) and she laughed it off. That’s where I drew the line.
I had a lot of sympathy for them when they were in a toxic relationship and I took their side.... Until they exhibited those same toxic traits and then dismissed or gaslit any prodding I made for her to see that face in the mirror 🪞
He got raided by the FBI, he did things to his kids. Hopefully he gets what he deserves some day. He's currently in jail, I think 20yrs.
She was having an affair with a married man and couldn’t be bothered to care about what it was doing to his wife (she knew). My ex had cheated on me and it traumatized me. I couldn’t stand to watch her help inflict this on someone else.
Continuously blaming me for something I didn’t do and refusing to hear my side of things
I don't think I ever have.
He did dirty two other friends in a business deal. He took them off the books and refuses to give them any of their returned investment. Which sucks because the wife and I had given a lot of time to help promote him in a local community.
After my son died, she ghosted me. I gave her the chance to explain but it was some sophisticated bs. I miss her but the hurt was just too much.
Found out he was a creep, liar, and all around awful person.
She got married and is emotionally abusive to her husband.
They didn't make the effort to communicate. One of my bffs from school cut ties with all of us all of a sudden. We still don't know why, but even though we made the effort to communicate with her and see if she's ok (I didn't know anything about her since covid started). We concluded she didn't want anything to do with us, so we cut ties. Didn't even shed a tear. 🫤
When I was in high school and college and beyond, I had a bunch of friends who were losers. I'm not talking nerdy or something. I'm talking about guys who couldn't keep a job, couldn't keep a girlfriend if their lives depended on it, and generally sat around all day smoking weed and playing role playing games. Me? I went through college while working a full-time job. So I really didn't have time for that junk. But I also really didn't have time to cultivate other friends or a dating life either. When you carve a groove from your classes to your job for four years, it's kind of hard. But they would give me a hard time for working all the time. And if I, miracle of miracles, had a girl that I dated, they'd give me shit about that. Because why? I don't know. So after I graduated, I started actually having a life. I still came and hung out with them, but I realized that these guys were going to never go anywhere in life. A few months later, my dad die. They all knew my dad died. But only one of them even bothered to come to the funeral, the one guy in that group who had his head screwed on straight. The next time I showed up at one of their get-togethers, it was like, 'Oh, your dad died. Bummer.' And that was that. Here's the deal. You are the sum of the five people with whom you spend the most time. I figured out that if I didn't make friends who had their act together in life, it would infect me too. 30 odd years later, I run into one or two of them occasionally. One is living with his elderly mother because he could never keep a job. The others just barely get by. But they have all the time and energy to play RPGs.
He got arrested for threatening someone with a propane tank outside of Target in the middle of the day. I only know about how I felt after it happened, but I knew I had to distance myself from him. Not as a punishment, but for my own mental health and well being.
We were friends for years but didn't start realizing how toxic it was until later, but after I got married and had a child my ex friend had the audacity to text me "you know, after you had a child you just stopped caring about me". then started realizing how one way of a friendship it really was. they're now trying to mend it by texting every once in a while to see if I'm still alive, but that won't do it anymore.
We were friends for 20 years. We both had our daughters in the same year. I lost all respect for her seeing her use her daughter for attention. It was almost like Munchausen by proxy. She would overly exaggerate her daughter’s food ‘sensitivities’ and claim she could only breastfeed and no formula would work. Ok, whatever. I chocked it up to being an overly worried mom. The child got older and moved to solid foods. It then turned into her not being able to eat soy, gluten, dairy, etc. She claimed the daughter would have horrible reactions to milk but not cheese, sour cream, yogurt, or ice cream. I asked how her body could tell the difference in the dairy sources and only react to milk. She avoided the question. I didn’t really care until I noticed her withholding food when the child started saying she was hungry. Then I started paying attention to the child’s development. My daughter was 6 months younger and started rapidly passing her at 1 year. This went on for about 2 more years. The mom would start talking about the child’s doctor appointments and make it a point to tell me the doctors said she was healthy and developing on track. I started pressing more and more about letting her eat when she requested food but was brushed off or told she could wait until dinner. I started to notice the mom would beam with pride when people told her how tiny the child was. I figured it out that she was deliberately withholding food to keep her daughter tiny and ‘petite’ as she called it. At this point, her in laws and stepchildren started making comments to her. We started drifting but remained in contact for a few more months. In March of that year, I found a great travel deal so I booked a trip with a mutual friend. I didn’t realize I booked it for the daughter’s birthday weekend until 2 weeks before her birthday (in June). The mom was so pissed because we didn’t prioritize her daughter. I was flabbergasted that she expected us to think about her child’s birthday months in advance when booking trips for our own children. I just walked away.
I got a call from a police department dozens of miles away in another county, asking if I knew this person, that they had been arrested, and that they told police they were going to kill me.
I got to the point that I and my other friends could not stand to be around him. We were early to mid 20s, he was mid to late 30s and acted like he was still in Elementary school. He still thought that the word "Panties" was the funniest word in the English language. We were in college and living in the dorms, he lived off campus in a single wide trailer with his grandmother. This sucked because if he had an hour or two between classes, he would come into our dorm building and pester us. It is hard to study between classes or get some homework done during the day and have this annoying prick hang out in your dorm room and demand your full attention and "Sorry, I am doing some homework." doesn't get him to leave you alone, instead he tells you to blow it off as he pushes his way into your dorm room. Now, my major was robotics. So it was a math heavy major with loads of homework and study. He was some sort of art major. He had one math class...or rather, would have one math class if he actually scored high enough on the TASP to not require every last remedial course the school offered (this was a technical college). So, a guy who attends a lecture on how to draw a circle is telling me to drop my homework on Direct Current circuitry. This attitude of his is also why I witnessed his grandmother, in front of myself and others, bust his balls for poor grades, taking remedial reading classes in his mid to late 30s, and screwing around when he should be studying. Another issue was that we had cars, he did not. The issue that caused him to stop talking to me...it was my third or fourth semester. I was going to my Instrumentation class. It was a Thursday, which meant that I had a one hour lecture for this class followed by a three hour lab with an instructor who firmly believed that a three hour lab means that we are to be there for all three hours. So, I was going into a four hour class. He saw me, walking to class because he was hanging outside the electronics building waiting for me, and asked me to drop everything and take him home because he called home and his grandmother wasn't answering and he was panicking. He saw me walking to class because he was hanging outside the building he knew I had class in, because he wanted to hit me up for a ride home. I told him "I don't have the time, find someone else." I got out of this four hour class/lab, and he was still there. He was still there. Four hours later and he is still there. He lived less than five miles off campus. At a reasonable pace for an adult male in his mid30s, two and a half hours, tops and he would have been home. Nope, he hung around for four hours waiting for me. He didn't look for anyone else. First thing he said to me was busting my balls for talking so long to get out of class. To that I told him that it was a lecture and lab and the tool box in my hand should have been a clue that I wasn't on my way to a lecture. The follow up was reminding him that I don't owe him any justification for how long I spend anywhere. He said "Can I get a ride home, I am still so worried about my granny." Worried for four hours when his home is within walking distance??? Fuck this asshole. I called him out on it. Right there in broad daylight in the middle of campus. I told him that she probably knew he was calling and is refusing to answer the phone. He asked again, this time calling me an asshole. I pointed in the general direction of his home and told him to "Get to steppin'." He called me some names for my refusal to give him a lift and we stopped bothering me at that point.
I admit, I've been that friend in the past. What made me realize it was finally running into someone who was a hotter mess than I was. It made me rethink a lot of my own life decisions, and I cut off ties with her to get my own life together.
After 7 years she would much rather choose man that abuse and cheat on her, would just let him say whatever to both her and me, excuse his shitty behavior and wait for him like a dog.
She cut ties with me over a misunderstanding
I told them we didn’t have to hang out as much anymore bc I could tell they were stressed and becoming overwhelmed with life. Everyone needs their space and I wanted to make things comfortable for them. But then they said that they just preferred if we weren’t friends at all. They said that for the past months us hanging out felt like a job for them and that we shouldn’t talk anymore. So I blocked them bc as much I want them to be comfortable with their life, I still felt a little hurt when they said that and when I mentioned that they didn’t have to go that far saying that, they didn’t even feel sorry about it. It was something I just had to deal with.
He threatened my life
I submitted a letter to the governor on her behalf for a felony pardon. She got it and was able to begin her life again. In her FB post announcing that she had received the pardon she thanked her other friend who had written a letter with a cryptic "My only friend who was there for me" I just quietly removed myself from her life.
It was a slow train I should have seen coming. First became Evangelical, then homophonic, sprinkle-in a little white-lives-matter, then full on MAGA. Gave him the benefit of the doubt since we had been been close for +25yrs; even each other’s Best Man. But people do change…
This happened during my Vic lap year while the rest of my friend group were in their senior year. My friend group consisted of 10 people, 5 of which had been friends for over 10 years (there was me, D1, D2, J, M, C1, C2, T, R, and S. D2, M, C1, T and S were the ones friends for 10 years) S had made some crude jokes about D2’s girlfriend during a pit party. She had went into the woods to pee, and S kept drunkly joking that she was bringing guys in with her to bang them. Understandably, D2 got pissed at S. But what none of us were expecting was for D2 to try and throw S in front of an oncoming bus which caused the two to break out into a fight (Luckily S was able to stop himself from getting hit). Everyone except for me followed suit and dropped S that night, like he never existed to any of them. The kicker? D2 ended up breaking up with his girlfriend not even a month later because S was right. She was cheating on D2 at that pit party. I began distancing myself from them because I thought “if they’re willing to throw the towel in for a 10 year long friendship when it turned out to be true, what does that say for me?” (I had been friends with them for 2 years at that point). Sure enough, I still haven’t heard a word from any of them since March break 2020.
Drugs
Difference in taste, clinginess on their end, and constant arguing. We bonded over a shared love for a video game, and they interacted with the community and media differently than me.
In high school, there was this girl everyone had a crush on, except me. All my friends were going after her, but she rejected every one of them. We graduate high school and go to community college. My best friend since 1st grade and I went to the same community college, and so did the girl. Well, the girl didn't live far from me and one day on campus her ride didn't show up, so she spotted me and asked for a ride home. This started to become a common thing. First it was just a friendly gesture and I didn't think anything special about it, other than I was helping someone that I kind of knew. One thing about me that I never told most of my friends was that during high school I was suffering from manic depression. I was the kid who never got invited to parties, to outings, and I was left to take care of my abusive father after school. I didn't have anyone, and I didn't have much of a support system. But I kept it bottled inside and put on a happy-go-lucky face around people. My best friend knew about the reality of my situation. The girl asked me out on a date one day, and oddly enough I said yes. Remember, I hadn't had a crush on this girl to begin with, but our drives from campus back home had made us grow closer. We went on the date and it was perfect. We had a blast, enjoyed ourselves, and perhaps got a little physical. I had never been romantically involved with anyone before that. The next month the girl quits showing up at our usual spot. She quits messaging me, talking with me, just completely ghosts me with no explanation. I had no idea what happened. Cut to the last semester of community college and I find myself driving my best friend back home. Midway through the journey home, we get on the topic of the girl, and he admits he had a huge crush on her. I figured so, everyone did, and I asked him if he's spoken to her lately. My friend admits he had, that she had rejected him, and then he says, "After everything I told her about you." This caught my attention and I asked him to explain. My friend divulged that he lied to the girl about me, saying I was a womanizer who had cheated on two previous girlfriends and how I had bragged to him about nailing the hot girl. He had also told her I had attempted to assault his sister and he had prevented it when he threatened to expose my depression to everyone in high school. Every word he spoke was a lie, he asked for forgiveness, and admitted to being jealous because "the one guy who wasn't even trying to date her won." I have never spoken to this guy again after that day.
Everything was all about her all the time. And she started pushing an MLM on me.
They put a picture of themselves arm in arm with Rick Perry on the front of their Christmas card. The wife and kids only made the back.
I was constantly reaching out and they were unwilling to be there when I needed someone.
Meth for one buddy Another flaked alot and only saw me when it was convenient for him
I could write a book that spans decades but ultimately extreme political views…I’m talking to the point of saying Hitler wasn’t so bad etc…that’s all I’ll say Not to mention almost the entire 25 years was one way and the last 10 especially. I only held on so long because I have no other friends. The worst part is it’s not really possible to find a ride or die bff when your a 38m in a place you didn’t grow up for someone who’s also naturally introverted lol
She wouldn’t stop cheating on every boyfriend she ever had.
They made me have a panic attack. I know that seems small, but I rarely have panic attacks and when I do, they’re BAD. My panic attacks are triggered by my PTSD, so it’s extremely hard for me to realize that I’m safe and calm down. The fact that she triggered such a stressful situation was the straw that broke the camels back, and I slowly distanced myself until we stopped talking all together.
I asked her to be a bridesmaid in my wedding and she said she couldn’t because she and her boyfriend had NASCAR tickets for the wedding date. In the meantime, she and the boyfriend broke up so she said she could be in the wedding again but then decided she didn’t like the bridesmaid dress (they could pick any range of reasonably priced dresses in a range of different cuts and lengths, it just had to be the same color as the others) and backed out again.
Had a mate who was descending into a toxic mess of cannabis and a relationship with a prostitute, known him many years but had been acting all over the place, including gaslighting his partner at the time with his cheating. Stupidly I went with him, ostensibly to try and talk him out of stealing a car stereo from a dealer (long story) which ended with him with a broken finger/hand and charged with beak/enter and stealing and me with stealing. But that's not the kicker, I was driving him and another mate back from town and he started going off at me about some $20 I owed him, so to shut him up I pulled up to an ATM, but I didn't have enough. He starts screaming at me about the $20 from the back seat, and so I don't say a word, drive back to his place, dropped him off. I never saw him again except to personally tell him that his Ex girlfriend had committed suicide over their failed relationship and his head games. POS he was.
She was very judgemental and wasn’t supportive when my ex cheated on me.
She helped me get a job at the same place she worked and I loathed it. I had maybe 10-15 total shifts yet I cried multiple times near the end of my shifts, one time had a full blown panic attack where I threw up in the bathroom, and she didn’t give two shits about it, probably laughed about it behind my back. They did shit like that there. I thought we were there for each other but she turned into a complete ass after high school. After quitting I haven’t texted her again.
It was one way. They lived an hour away but didn't have a car or even have a permit, so I'd get stuck going over there. She would message me "I miss you! When are you free?" But yet I would always have to drive to her. When I mentioned I didn't have enough expendable money to keep doing this she said she would get a ride out to me. We set up a date and a time, and she never showed up. I remember getting conned into driving her places or paying for their meals. Like, why would I want to spend the gas money to drive an hour away to • sit around a house covered in dog shit • glance at a minimum of 4 crock pots with various stages of mold garnishing them • be begged for this and that at a store • be roped into driving her kid to school and appointments • be subject to her very uncomfortable relationship with her "dad" (they had a literal sex dungeon they accidentally showed me....) I wish I could make this up, but I was not playing Sugar Mommy to someone who was supposed to be my friend. Needless to say, I just slowly deleted her from all social media and went no-contact slowly (not unusual to text me and hear back a week later, I'm antisocial and busy af).
I almost died, and my friend didn’t give a shit. Didn’t ask how I was doing or anything. She showed me her true colors, so I believed her.
He said he was trying to game the government to give him benefits for depression and anxiety. He did everything in his power to not work. He said these things and did these things after staying in my spare bedroom for 2 months and not contributing at all.
Depends on the reason(s). I've walked away from friendships because the friends started hanging with people that I felt weren't worthy of my time or efforts. Others after I came to realize they were using me.
When my older brother passed away when I was younger, I noticed afterwards I completely stopped spending time with my friends who didn’t do drugs. I felt horrible about it, but part of me didn’t want to expose them to the kind of person I was anymore. And instead I preferred to start over with new friends as a new me. Though not a better me. And not better friends neither..
My boyfriend and I were close to another couple for about two years. The boyfriend had been kicked out of his home a few times so we gave him food and a place to sleep for a few days. The girlfriend wasn’t particularly liked by the entire friend group so we hung out with her when nobody else wanted to (picked her up often paying for drinks and allowing her to stay over) three weeks after we celebrated the boyfriends birthday by going to an expensive dinner AND a bar after they decided to ditch my boyfriend on his birthday and go leave with their other friends (that we didn’t know) to another bar. When we showed up and I asked why she did that she was piss drunk pretty much trying to fight me. My boyfriend and I walked home and haven’t spoken to them since.
'friend if mine' , used to seem happy when life was getting me down or I fucked up, now I'm trying,passed my course and he just replied with a moan about how busy in the gym it was
We were roommates. She brought home skanky guys to sleep with. I didn’t feel comfortable being her roommate anymore.
I had moved across the country but never lost touch with my former best friend. I knew something was up and she had changed, but I had no idea what I was in for the next time I'd see her. After about five years, I went home to visit and planned to stay at her house for a few days. The first night I'm at her house, she gets in a huge fight with her long-term boyfriend, kicks him out, then proceeds to sit at her kitchen table and light up her meth pipe right in front of her 13 year old son. The boyfriend somehow had no idea (or didn't care enough to confront her if he did) and she told me she started the fight so he would leave and we could party and have "girls night". I couldn't believe what I was fucking hearing. I pretended to drink too much, "pass out" and made an excuse why I needed to leave the next morning and never spoke to her again. I called CPS anonymously, but the last time she popped up on my "suggested friends," there was a recent photo of her with her kids, so sad to say it looks like she managed to keep custody of them. At this point, she looks like a meth addict and it is so, so sad.
Stealing
Huge amount of alcohol abusement. Lying as much as they could possibly do. Drugs in general. And I hate dumb people.
one way effort & was always broke when we hung out but had money when she was with her other friends.
She became a racist alt right conspiracy theorist that moved to Australia and started bitching about the indigenous population there. Including saying they should go back to where they came from.
I just hung out with him cause no one else was around when I wanted to go out, he was a complete mooch never spent a dollar on anything just blew him off one day, use to see him out sometimes and didn’t acknowledge him at all, he got the hint quickly
Nothing just got bored of talking about the same thing over and over. I guess cut ties isn't the best way of saying it
One of my best friends from high-school, who I hung out with just about every day. Got married and moved in with his wife. Found out from his wife that he came home drunk one night and beat her. I haven't said a word to him since the last time we hung out, and oddly, he hasn't reached out to me since either.
She constantly referred to me as her “charity case best friend” because I made less money than her and didn’t own my own business, and then when I called her out on it, she tried to say I was bat-shit crazy and was in a downward spiral professionally and personally, all because I wasn’t married to my boyfriend and I didn’t own my own business or have an executive title.
1, we were best friends for years. He really made sure I was ok throughout my 20s as I was seriously ill. When I wasn't working, he'd take me to the cinema and make sure I got out. I hooked him up with his wife, they had a kid. Unfortunately, they didn't last and divorced a few years later. His casual use of racism and misogyny became harder to live with after I had daughters with my wife. I'm also mixed race but identify and look white. We drifted apart. I found out last year, he hates me because I'm still "friends" with his wife on social media. Even though she was my friend beforehand and introduced them. A few. I moved away to get married. We remained friends. I'd visit when I could but they never visited us. Fair enough. When we discovered my kids were being sexually abused, they really distanced themselves from us. It was a very lonely, horrific time. We lost half of our family as my wives family backed my father in law and refused to believe. Even after it went to court and he pleased guilty On the flip side. A girl I knew who lived in the town I moved Away from. Every few days, she checked in with us. I'd known her for a few years prior to moving away and she was just a girl in one of the groups. Now, she's most closest friend. She saved my wife and I when we were thinking of ending our lives. She stuck by us. Some people find out friendship weird. We always say good morning every day and night every night. People get hung up on men and women being best friends, they always assume there's something sexual going on. We're just insanely close. I tell her stuff I don't tell my wife, she tells me stuff she doesn't tell her husband. I love her and, after my wife and kids, she's the best thing to have ever happened to me. I just hope we share adjoining rooms in an old folks home. The trouble we are gonna cause.....
Bro got strung out.
They started projecting first their insecurities and then entire personality onto my young child. At first I was open and understanding listening to my friend say my child was “almost certainly Autistic” and “quite clearly trans” (both true of said friend) but when they started sending me links to doctors who would be able to rush a diagnosis and telling me I was a terrible parent for not medicating my child I had to step back. My child is, as it now turns out neurodiverse (however not Autistic), but definitely wasn’t diagnosable in their neurodiversity aged 2. I know this friend had a difficult childhood but our whole relationship became me deflecting their advice regarding my kid and it’s sad to say our lives are easier without this person now.
He would randomly text me saying how depressed he was and ask for hookups (I don’t swing that way). It just got to be too much.
A lot of ugly and stupid batshit on Facebook. Hearing her whine in person about her "heritage" because Idris Elba played Heimdal in the Thor movies was just the cherry on top.
I just got sick of being used as a free taxi service is all.
When moving, said to call for new address if I ever wanted to come over.
I don't have any family to spend holidays with. I have or had a friend of 20+ years who would always promise to spend Thanksgiving with me since she would be here rather than with her family who live thousands of miles away. After my mother died of cancer, I literally had nowhere to go, and I was alone and had been alone on holidays for a very long time. This friend over the course of two or three years in a row, promised to spend Thanksgiving with me and then the day before or the couple days before would cancel and say that she spending Thanksgiving with her other best friend. In 2014 she did this to me and it broke me away that I have not been broke before. It reactivated my dermatillomania badly. And then I realized so many other things about her… How she was never physically affectionate with me, and I am definitely someone who needs affection, how she viewed so carelessly our plans together, how she refused to write things down to make plans, I mean, we even went to therapy together to try and work out her friendship, but no. When people people show you they are, believe them, and shut them down permanently after that. Exile them from your lives, do not talk to them ever again. this friend also, when I broke every finger on my right hand, the day after when I could not cook, promised she would bring me dinner and then called me and told me that there wasn't enough food and she was eating at all herself. I mean it I could… Don't tolerate that. You're worth better. Don't do what I did. Pick better friends.
They didn’t text me back
They found new friends and didn't talk to me for almost a year. Once they realized their friendship with their new friends was a dumpster fire, they wanted to give our friendship another chance. But that doesn't work for me. I won't be second choice and if someone has thrown me under the bus once, there's no way back, because it's only a matter of time before they'll do it again.
Toxic and went to the wrong path even i tried to warn her
They got addicted to drugs/alcohol and I didn’t want to be around people who didn’t want to help themselves
Various friends: -sold crack - one way effort -breadcrumbing -“changed for the worst” -lied to my X to get in her pants -got tired of hearing him say how he PHUKS them n leaves them while we can’t get one.
We were roommates for years best friends since college. But lately everything became a one-way street. Borrowing turned into "borrowing" forever, chores went unshared, and my support system became hers while mine seemed to vanish. When I finally addressed it she turned it around on me making me feel selfish. Decided a healthy friendship cant be so imbalanced. Took the plunge and found a new place. Miss the good times but peace of mind is priceless.
I had a “friend” that believed you had to 100 percent agree with him all of the time to be a “good friend”. Back during the height of the COVID pandemic he posted something on Facebook about snoozing several people because “they were posting their opinions as facts”. He said he had snoozed this group of people for 30 days and was going to reevaluate these people when that time period was up and see if they were going to be better friends. If not, he was going to consider cutting ties. I thought to myself “I’ll take care of myself for you”. I cancelled our friendship on Facebook and blocked him. I haven’t seen or spoken to him since. Honestly, I haven’t missed him either.
all they ever did together is drink, excessively. it just never felt fun
I moved back to my home country and left a load of stuff in my old bedroom , instead of my friend helping me sell my stuff (worth close to 15k all up) he sold it all and kept the $$$ to himself. Havent spoken to him since and dont ever plan to.
Besides constant flaking out, he would only contact me to ask for money. I “loaned” him 200.00 one time and he never paid me back. He was (and is) an attorney and he would regularly ask me for money. And not insignificant amounts either. Usually over 1k. After the $200, I refused. Not only would I never see that money again, but it would severely strain my family. He didn’t care. Come to find out, he had a serious drug habit, even stole some prescription meds while in my house. In general, he just wasn’t worth keeping around and only viewed me as a piggy bank he could use to fund his habits. Just a completely selfish and manipulative person. We had been friends since we were 6 years old and at 39, it just had to end.
Um, she slept with my boyfriend. Cut him loose too.
He went full vehement, outspoken, hateful redpill (but I repeat myself). I have a wife and, at the time of his descent into redpill hell, had a daughter on the way. She's now almost 8 and I haven't talked much to that former friend since she was born. He recently tried to reach out to me and it seems like he's gotten better, but I'm keeping him at a safe distance from my family. He'd always had anger control issues and a predisposition to go head-first into whatever rabbit hole his twisted "logic" put him in. Until he can show a better temperament and rationale, he won't be welcome anywhere near my home.
When they demanded that I photoshop a letter to their physician for their top surgery, on the actual day of their surgery, which I had helped them get….and I said no (they cut ties with me as a toxic denier of their surgery, which they were able to then get without the photoshopped letter anyway)
Once someone’s inability to take accountability is the forefront of their persona in our friendship, I’ve got to break out the scissors. I cannot be the only one aware of, accepting and willing to move differently if I’ve done wrong.
Me ex cheated on. My friends had a party a few weeks after we broke up. She was invited and I was not because it would of been awkward. Cut ties with the whole group. They still try to talk to me from time to time. I always reply the same way. "Go away disloyal human"
Lying.
LIED to me me then tried to turn my friends against me... Bye, Bye, Bitch.
He's in prison for 7 years for having some really fucked up shit on his computer.
In one case, he became a heroin addict and disappeared. In another, he was so prideful and negative it was toxic to be around him. In another, he was so neurotic, fussy, anxious and antisocial I started to dread when he'd text me. In another, there was always drama with her exes, and she never paid me back money I lent her.
Oof. She was my best friend and roommate and we did everything together. When my relationship dissolved with the person I thought I would marry, she comforted me, held me while I cried, and helped me heal my broken heart. I thought we would be friends forever. Then we got into a fight and she moved out. We finally reconciled one night while out at the same event and I was so excited to rekindle the friendship. Come to find out that she had been sleeping with my ex behind my back and when confronted about it she said, “Honestly, I didn’t even think about you at all.” But I also found out that he gave her chlamydia so… karma lol
She was my best friend for yeeeeaaaars starting freshman year in high school. About six years ago she posted her infant son’s Halloween costume. He was dressed up like Hitler.
Stole something at an wine event, then lied to everyone that it was me! 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
She never called, never remembered my birthday, and always made me come to her. She was not interested in me or my life because all she ever talked about was her and her life. I always felt so sad around her. I put myself in the position of feeling like I wasn’t enough. For years I thought I was so lucky just to be in her orbit until I woke up and realized I needed more than that. I will always care about her but I had to stop being her door mat.
She was way too presumptuous and entitled with my time and made a lot of assumptions about private shit that I wasn’t ready to share or talk about. Every time I interacted with her she somehow managed to insult or question my appearance. Every conversation she would just dump all this negativity on me without ever asking how I’m doing. It got to the point where I dreaded seeing her. She expected me to remember every little detail she ever told me but never remembered very basic shit about me.
I misread the attention for attraction, tried to shoot my shot, got weird, she walked away. Regret ensued. G I miss you and I'm sorry.
He forgot about our fantasy football draft and got mad at me for not calling him to remind him. I was drafting on my phone while putting my 3 year old to bed, not paying attention to who was in the draft. He absolutely lost it on me, ranting for hours and then quitting the league after teams were drafted and not paying.
Was a dick to my gf at the time
I wasn't good enough. Or rich enough. Oh, she didn't say those words. Not at all. After not seeing each other for about a dozen years, we met up at a perfectly respectable popular neighborhood mom & pop restaurant in a very, very nice HCOL little town. It was NOT a dive and had plenty of healthy choices on the menu, as I'm not a junk food/fast food fan. It's clean and cute. Her comment when we left was, "Next time, I'll pick the meet up spot. We can do MUCH better than this." I was truly surprised and perplexed. She chose our next meet up. Apparently we can't go out for a simple lunch to chat and catch up if the restaurant doesn't have a dress code and a wine list. The salad needs to cost $30 before you add your chosen protein. I'm not destitute, but I'm not rolling in money. I don't love spending an hour dressing up and doing my hair and make up to have lunch. She truly doesn't mean any harm and she's not an awful person, but I remembered this stuff was the reason I had quietly backed away a dozen years ago, so I've done so again. We used to be very close. I guess we've taken different paths.
Raging cocaine abuse.
Jealousy
Was too busy for my call about my mom dying. Said she would call back and didn’t. Last straw
They talked shit about my boyfriend when he wasn't around.
Sorry its sort of a saying it means she had the gall to talk to me after blanking me
My friend was the type of friend that will be upset and completely shut me out. It was completely one way and once I realized that, I was done.
I had a friend have a baby just out of high school, get into cocaine. I went to college, and went home to visit her a couple times, and she and her boyfriend got so wasted they couldn't take care of the baby, and I ended up doing it.
Long story short, she leaked our DM's to impress a new group of friends and an Internet personality. Sadly, there's a lot of details I have to leave out, but our DM's were meant to be kept private, obviously. Throughout our correspondence, I always told her two things: If there's anything she doesn't want to talk about, she can tell me, and we won't have to talk about it anymore, and what's said between us stays between us. She didn't do either of those things. What she did also cost her our entire original friend group because no one was on her side after what she did. Nearly a year of friendship thrown away for a guy on the Internet and her new creepy, parasocial friends. I know it doesn't make any sense but that's really all I can say.
Betrayal. I thought they were my friend and had my back, it turned out they were secretly covering up a cheating partner.
She went full-in on QAnon - the whole JFK Jr still lives, will come back to power to save us all, the baby-killing, blood drinking, satan-worshipping human traffickers that make up the Illiterati Left. Anyone but them became evil incarnate. She was sending videos to her grandchildren even after her daughters told her to stop spreading hate. She created fake accounts to continue spreading the message to her Gkids - with gruesome pics of people “selling and sacrificing infants”, that TFG was the only chance we had of defeating the evil. Well, him and JFK Jr. She had (in my eyes) a complete breakdown from reality and she Would Not Stop sharing these horrible messages. Her family has blocked her and forbidden the kids from having unsupervised contact. She’s gone behind the parent’s backs to visit the kids at school, tried to check them out so she could have private conversations with the kids, all under 12 at the time. I just . . Could not. Couldn’t reason with her. Couldn’t get her to respect a resounding “NO” Could not stomach it anymore. A twenty year friendship went up in flames. She’s since scammed a disabled neighbor into signing over her assets and is driving that woman’s car. She took the woman to a lawyer to get her to disown her own family, make her the POA and basically cut her off from outside support. I no longer recognize her.
Sorry but at 59, I am one of those people that will cut people out of my life in a heart beat for negativity & bigotry. If you dont want what is best for the majority of the people in every country in our world; then I dont know what we have to talk about.
The way they treated their pets. They acted like cats were disposable
She would not get off her phone when we were hanging out in person. Texting with other people, calls. Nothing was urgent so it was just a rude thing to do.
He was manipulative and arrogant. Long story but I ended up not picking up the phone to avoid judgement for whatever I did that was not aligning with his world (music, other friends group, studying etc). After some time of this and some verbal fights, we lost contact. Even after a couple of years when I reached out to reconcile, he tried to manipulate his way and blame me. Older and wiser me knew this was bullshit. Saw him at a friend's wedding sometime after that, did t day hello. After some drinks, he acted like we're still besties
She was just too toxic and insecure. It was definitely a trauma bond, and all we bonded over was our bad experiences with previous partners. I realized that nothing really good came out of this friendship. She was also very insecure and it felt like a competition with her sometimes. Every weekend we would go out and drink and spend hundreds of dollars on food, drinks and useless things. I ended it after I realized she was toxic, a huge pickme and someone who was only going to drag me down.
He was dating my sister when we slept with my girlfriend. Happened several times and our entire friend group knew about it.
At dinner one evening he said only management should be paid over $10.00 per hour and unions were ruining the country. You guessed it, he is a manager and I’m a union man. By the way, I ,make more than him. Lol
Diagnosed with cancer and was ghosted. She was my best friend from age 6 or so
I got tired of constantly hearing complaints and negativity
She slept with my then husband.
violated my trust and gaslighting people, I would say. We were in pretty good terms at first and we built trust to a point where I decided to share my credit card with him so he could build his credit easily. However, when I later asked him whether it was time for me to revoke his use of my credit card because he already got a higher credit score than I did, he told me that he mailed his card internationally to his gf. At first I thought it was totally fine as he had been sending me money promptly without escaping from any of his transactions. I thought as long as he continued doing this, it would be fine. As an international student in a different country, it took me time to learn about how things were handled there. I went to to a therapy session about something else where I casually brought this up and was told that it should be seen as a breach of trust, so I decided to talk to him about this, and that was when things took turn. He insisted that the card he held was his and there was no need for him to let me authorize whatever he did to that card. I explained that it was my card, but he did not buy it, so I decided to remove him as an authorized user and proceeded to cut ties with him.
Personal values, morals.
Couple friend groups went from cocaine as cyasual fun thing at parties to all they would do when we hung out
Being used
I confessed to her that I was having suicidal thoughts, and she proceeded to turn the conversation into a lecture about how I needed God and that I was going to go to hell for being a Catholic at the time. All that combined with her clinginess and insecurity after I went back to college and got a new job, and she got stuck as a woman who never really finished any of the college programs she took up and who became a SAHM just made it very not worth it.
One way effort as mentioned before. Also a lot of lying to me and catching him in the lie in real time. And a lot of hiding things that use to be completely open topics before such as work, finances, etc. all of a sudden certain topics are off limits
She criticizes everything I do, Comments on my weight, Only interested if I’m in a relationship, Tells personal info to others, Gives unsolicited advice, Wants constant contact all the time (we are late thirties), Controlling, At this point, I don’t even want to communicate my issues. I kindly want to fade away.
When they evicted me. Super long time friends, best friends till the end really. When I came home from work they said they wanted to talk, no big deal, they tell me I got 24 hours to get my stuff and leave. Nothing prompted this, I was a perfect roommate, helped clean, never noisy always paid shit on time. They said they didn't know how else to do it. Haven't talked to her in 5 years now. Life's better actually.
He treated his wife like crap. She eventually left him.
Got covid, and his text response was LOL. He's a right winger, and even though he was hospitalized with covid, he believes it's just a hoax. I told him I was done and to have a nice life. Now he screams obscenities at me from across the golf course and stops people in traffic that work for my company and tells them I'm a narcissist.
We had just shy of ten years of friendship, with never a single fight. In the last two years this included daily multi-hour emotional support calls for MONTHS after her engagement to a narcissist dissolved; she has extreme codependency issues and I felt awful that she was suffering so much after 7 years with the same man. Soon after, she then planned a trip to Italy with me and another girl. For weeks I was planning, taking time off from work and arranging people to care for my partially disabled mother. A week or two before we were set to go, she then told me she couldn't go anymore because of work. Two weeks after that, she then soft-launched her (still married to someone else!) boyfriend on Instagram, together with her and our other friend in Italy... on that same trip she told me she cancelled. I tried to be diplomatic, but when she couldn't even call me on the first year anniversary of my father's death, after telling me she would the night before, I blocked her. Turns out that it wasn't just her ex that was a toxic, dishonest narcissist!
I had a friend I made in college that, in retrospect, was borderline abusive. Some behavior was he almost became physical with his gf (my best friend), he screamed at my over a miscommunication of a meet up spot, he could never keep a job or relationship but it was never his fault..etc. I finally cut ties with him one night when we were on the phone and he was complaining about yet another set back that was not his fault and he said that he wished he had cancer. Now at that time my bff (his ex) mom was battling breast cancer so that triggered me and I hung up on him. That resulting him in blowing up my phone with text messages berating me for hanging up on him and that was the end of our friendship. I admit I do sometimes search for him on FB or google him out of curiosity but aside from finding out his father passed away in 2020 I haven't found anything else.
Fucking dude just wouldn't stop doing cocaine all the time
I was in my 20’s, I had known her since high school. I had a drinking problem and she called me out on it. I was upset and blocked her, didn’t talk for a few years. I did make my amends and I kind if kept in touch. I visited a time or 2 when I went back to see my family and she wanted the relationship to go back to the way it was but it turns out that I had done a lot of growing up and she hadn’t. We were in very different places, she still lived in the same area and was living the same life she did in high school. She was still trying to date the same guys as back then, she told stories about high school all the time, and she hadn’t really moved on and had other experiences. No shade, I just had moved on a lot. The friendship we had back in the day was really toxic on both sides and I just couldn’t live like that anymore, I wasn’t that person. I wish her well but I can’t even remember the people from high school anymore and don’t really want to.
The rose colored glasses came off and I noticed some of her behavior was off. Lying to me about stuff. Lying to other people about me. Not accepting that I needed time to myself and getting her mom to message me. Showing up at my work.
Once a friend betrays me, that's it. We're done. They don't get a second chance. I've also cut ties with friends who'd come on my FB page to pick fights with my friends who are Trump supporters.
Overstepped boundaries and accused me of playing games. Yeah, I don’t have time for that shit.
I realized she had lied to me about SO many random details and events in her life. I opened up to her about my hospitalization at a psych hospital and she claimed to have been to the exact same one. She lied to me about medical conditions she didn't have. Some of the lies were so elaborate, some were entirely random. I was a teenager when we were friends and the final straw was when she had an ounce of weed and told her mom it was mine and that I had been stealing shit with her. I ended up taking the blame and then telling her to fuck off after that. I ended things like 6 years ago and she still texts or calls me every few months apologizing.
One made up rumors that my cousin raped her. She did not admit to making that up when I confronted her but a friend of mine told me.
We were in a trio of friends and me and the other girl would invite her to do things… She would always say no. Eventually we stopped inviting her to do things. She went off on us one night because we went to go see a play.
I realized they were friends with my money, not me.
She acted like the most caring person in the world, and in many ways she was, but she was also judgmental and gossipy and two-faced. She created so much drama out of everyday, normal life events. Somehow everything wound up being about her and her feelings. The final straw came when there were mass layoffs at the company where we worked. She was one of the few people who wasn’t laid off, being in a different department. After the big announcement, a bunch of us who had lost our jobs were at our local happy hour bar drinking and reminiscing about the good and the bad things we’d been through together over the years, sharing leads for other companies hiring in our field, generally hyping each other up and having a good time. In she walked, right into the center of the group and started crying and sobbing about how unfair it was, how she would miss everyone so much, and making it all about her. I wasn’t the only person to cut her out of my life that day.
Owed me money, then pestered me to borrow my car multiple times. I considered him my best friend, but it came to a point when I was dreading his presence, then I realized we were not friends anymore.
He got sober and I'm a druggie so I didn't want him to have to watch his friend killing himself, so I cut ties
Friend relapsed bad.
He and his roommate stole a half barrel of beer around 11:00 pm. It was saved for the after bar party. They were both leaving town the next week. Total asshole move. I had a newborn at home. My last time going out. I was heading out when they were doing it. I tried, but they were determined. I hate this memory. Fuck you eck.
ex-best friend sa’d me i have a couple other friends i’m considering distancing myself from - my ex slept with one of my friends while we were all camping in a tent together, two days after breaking up with me
They opened my mail, which was a private letter from an incarcerated friend, didn’t tell me the letter had been delivered but then told everyone they could about what was in it and implied things that didn’t exist and didn’t paint me in a very good light. When I confronted her she said she’s bipolar and not responsible for the choices she makes because the dr hadn’t seen her for a few weeks. Wasn’t sorry, no accountability whatsoever. She actually told me to apologise to her for making her feel uncomfortable.
One of my best friends from high school rented an extra room in my house. I hadn't realized he had become and alcoholic and was using pills illegally. He drove 18-wheelers for a living and drove home drunk more than once. Eventually he'd stopped paying rent. I noticed he was still getting paychecks (I could see the amount through the window on one of the envelopes) but still refused to pay me. He was also very messy and was causing us to get ants in the house. Finally I told him he had to leave when he was playing with my son but was obviously drunk, and fell over and smashed a piece of furniture. He died about 9 months later.
Found out he raped a different friend at a party. No thanks.
He was a great friend when I was at my lowest, but he was really good at knocking me down when I started to stand up and do well. It came to a head after 8 years when he ended up punching me in the face at a BWW. We had one conversation about two weeks later, I explained everything I had and was as detailed as I could have been. He flipped it back and made it my fault. That was the last we spoke.
This was about 12 years or so ago. A friend I had been friends with since grade school told me that him and his wife were getting a divorce. I was actually happy about that. The two should have never been together and it seemed all they did was yell at each other. He had met another woman at a conference for his job. Only problem was she lived about 4 states away. I asked him how that would work he told me he was going to move out there. This would be fine however he has 2 young boys, one of which with special needs. I asked him about his kids and when he would see them. He’s answer? “I’ll see them when I see them.” That was the last time I talked to him. I couldn’t imagine how a person can just care so little about their own children. Don’t know how he’s doing or where he even is, I do know his ex wife remarried, working in a field she had always talked about, and the two kids live with the ex wife and new dad.
This is a recent one, so bear with me. I was friends with my ex. We split up 2 years ago, but stayed friends. Then she adds me to a group chat with one of her friends. My ex asked me to talk in this group chat about hoe I feel about the saw movies, particularly a character called Amanda. I don't like the character much and said so. Turns out the other girl in the group chat has DID and her alter is Amanda. Obviously I upset her so apologised, but was upset my ex didn't even give me the heads up. I ended up catching up with both my ex and this other friend at a movie night. My ex put me on the spot to apologise again. And I have no issue apologising but I felt like she could have at least given me a heads up. And then I started thinking about the way my ex treated me. For years I had to travel to see her and then buy my own dinner after driving for two hours to see her. I didnt have much money then so the fuel was expensive. She never did any basic cleaning around the house. Like not even putting clothes away. Then she would get mad if I stepped on stuff, even though she was a borderline hoarder. We even broke up because she cheated and then invited the mistress over for a threesome when i came over to talk about it. So I cut it off. I am not by any means perfect, but I deserve the bear minimum respect.
Had to block his girlfriend bc she wouldn’t stop harassing me, accusing me of cheating with him..we weren’t but she wasn’t taking no for an answer. Haven’t spoken to him since and he was a good friend too
She was dating our mutual friend and cheated on him. It was with her ex, someone super abusive and controlling, while she was an incredibly submissive people pleaser. I understand why she fell victim to him in the first place, and I understand why she felt the need to go back. I have some sympathy for her. But sometimes you just reach the end of how much sympathy you can give someone, or how much help you can give when they aren't willing to accept it. The guy she cheated on was and is a saint. He's one of the kindest people I've ever known, and he's my friend to this day. He didn't deserve that. I can at least report she's not with abusive ex anymore, but not without having his child first. She's married to another guy now. I hope he's good to her and she got the fucking therapy and cajones she desperately needed. That's as far as the sympathy goes though.
I got very successful and a 15-year friend got jealous. He burned bridges with me.
She broke a boundary that everyone who knows me knows about, and then refused to apologize or accept any accountability for it. And it was her idea and she pushed everyone else to go along with it. I forgave the others because they apologized. I tried with her, but I couldn’t trust her anymore.
Dude was way to needy. Basically started calling me at 8:00 am and then basically every other hour or so untill roughly midnight. Call me crazy, but when I'm at home in my own 4 walls, I'd actually like to have some peace. If you call for a legit reason, want to plan something or just need someone to talk to oaccasionally or something, then sure, I'll be there for you, but if you're basically spamcalling me 24/7 just to ask how I am doing or what I've been doing today or what I've eaten etc., then ugh. Fuck off and stop bothering me. You can ask me that shit the next time we meet in person. Also, just to clarify, we're both dudes and he did not have a crush on me or something because he's already married.
COVID politics unfortunately. Learned who my true friends were during that time.
Met this guy in 8th grade who I hung out with all the time, we were both little wannabe scene kids with our hair all straightened out and wearing skinny jeans. 9th grade rolled around, and he shaved his hair, started wearing camo and baseball hats, and listening to country music. Still hung out with him every day at lunch until one day, a black kid barely brushed against him while walking between the tables, and he went off on the most vile tirade of slurs I'd ever heard at that point in my life. Got up from the table and stopped speaking to him until he instigated a fight with me in the hallway a few weeks later.
Moved away
They were too ditzy
She bEcame a MTG clone.
He got my other friend to get a Adderall prescription so he wouldn't be on the books. That ended with the others friend jumping off a building because of a reaction to Adderall. I ended up kicking the shit out of the first said "friend ". Life is unfair sometimes.
She slept with my sisters husband
I had a friend from kindergarten. We had our ups and downs but grew up together and thought of us like BBFs. She became a 45 supporter, but it wasn’t just that. She was taking advantage of every ‘socialist’ program, including an Obama phone. Plus she’s never even voted. I can’t take hypocrites. Sorry pot was just legalized in Ohio back several months.
She ended up moving back home to Indiana. I tried to make attempts to go see her but I never had the money to travel up there. She ended up moving to another state to be with her bf which was no closer to me (I’m in Georgia) and got pregnant. She dropped me as a friend because the weekend she planned to have her baby shower, she ended up having to be hospitalized. So I went to go see my bf at the time in Tennessee (me and him were long distance so I only saw him once a month). She felt I didn’t put in any effort to come see her since she moved or while in the hospital and didn’t like I went to see my bf. Looking back, she was never a good friend anyway but that hurt a lot. Especially considering she never made the slightest attempt to come back and see me. Her entire family was still down here for a while after she moved. She never came back to visit. They all eventually moved back up to Indiana. Sometimes I miss her but honestly, fuck her
I ended a friendship of 15 years because I could no longer be her therapist, nor could I keep saving her. The suicide attempts, the emotional manipulation, the self harm, the endless depression, was too much for me. She's okay now and I wish her well, but I can't be everything for someone.
My best friend, who Id known for seven years, got mixed up with people tied to white nationalist beliefs. As a Jewish person who's not at all religious but definitely cares about racism and history, it hit me hard. She called me up one night, scared because she realized the people she was working with were essentially spouting Nazi rhetoric, even posing for a picture doing the "sieg heil" salute. Keep in mind she’s a white catholic girl- but I told her to get out of there, if she felt unsafe - and she did, swearing she was done with the person who hired her. But then, not long after, I see photos of her and this same person all over Facebook, posing like best friends. When I called her out on it, she brushed it off, saying she couldn't turn down the opportunity because of money (only $100?! We were 25 at the time and she had better money coming in) and a publication opportunity. And then, she hits me with the low blow, saying I can't be upset about it because I don't have direct family ties to the Holocaust. It's like, come on, my family's history might not be as direct, but it doesn't make it any less important to me. After that, when she started bringing up old grudges in a letter, I decided enough was enough. I called her out for lacking integrity, and that was that. It's been four years since we've spoken, and honestly, I haven't looked back. There’s other horrible things she said (she called me a snowflake lol, but this seems like enough to validate the friend breakup)
I’m very openly pro choice but when I got pregnant the first thing my “friend” said was to abort asap & to drown myself in alcohol to help get the job done. I had never mentioned abortion so idk why he would say that. He was very serious about it too.
Told me he had never been my friend, didn’t like me, only hung out with me when no one else was available, and had been one the stealing things from me for the past 5 years. This was teenage years. And used my bed to get dirty with a girl down the street when I was on vacation with using an emergency key to get in since we were neighbors.
She went all QAnon. I can deal with differences in political opinions, but that went too far for me.
He died.
Honestly just out grew them, or they out grew me. It’s all good, and I wish them nothing but the best.
I needed a car, had horrible credit and he was in the process of paying one off, maybe a year left to own the title. He bought a new one and said if i paid off his last year he’d sign it over to me once he got the title, just pay him $400/mth til then, i said cool. Turns out he pocketed the money every month and it got repo’ed while in my possesion out of my drive way. He went MIA two weeks before it got towed. He moved out of state, havent heard from him since.
TLDR: Her husband cussed me out in front of my daughter in their driveway. He wasn't polite about it either, and I was ready to break him in half. I didn't because it's his castle, and I'm setting an example for my daughter. Backstory: she gave a Christmas care package to me and my daughter when we were really going through it. It brought a smile to both our faces, and I told her she earned a lifelong friend out of me. I've been to their home for coffee, and I've met her husband. I worked with her and her husband and even trained him on all his stations. So we all knew each other. When they were going through it, I asked my daughter if she remembered the care package we were given, and if she knew why we received it. I wanted to teach her a life lesson about taking care of those we care about. My daughter got very excited and picked out all the items we were going to give them, including some baking. We made a day of it. I reached out to them to set up a date and time to drop this off with a clear message that we won't stay long. It's just a quick drop off. Well, her husband greeted me in the driveway by cussing me out. who the fuck are you? What the fuck are you doing here? When I tried to leave, he ran to block me and put his hand to my chest. woah woah woah woah who the FUCK are you and WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING HERE? What was supposed to be a lesson in taking care of our friends, turned into a lesson about how you shouldn't let yourself be treated like shit by anyone. My daughter was 6, and she was VERY confused as to why he was so angry with us. She felt like she did something wrong, and he was mad about our care package. We left, and I asked his wife if she knew what happened, and how we were greeted into their home. She said nothing happened and when she asked her husband, he denied anything happened at all. She than accused me of lying, playing games, and trying to manipulate her. Friendship over right than and there, no hesitation, full stop. Done. I didnt know how badly this affected my daughter until later on when we were dropping off another care package to other friends. I wanted to... make it up to her. Their dog had just passed and they were really upset. So we put together a memories care package with some flowers to offer our condolences. My daughter picked everything out once again. But when we went to present it to them, my daughter was scared to. I had to goad her out of the car, and she latched on to me while we were there. She wouldn't say a word. On our way home, she said she was glad they were happy but asked why the other guy was so angry at us. She didn't understand, and it still bugs her to this day. He REALLY scared her... That's why it bothers me to this day, anything that affects my daughter, affects me. She still talks about it. If I ever see this guy in the street... Useless piece of shit trash filthy disgusting fucking human being alcoholic inbred Mennonite fuck. Fuck you
A friend asked me to be a bridesmaid after her sisters turned down the request due to the abusive and toxic relationship. Her mom threatened to take her out of the will and disown her, etc. No one was supportive of the wedding. I was supportive of my friend until she asked me to be in the wedding and I told her that I couldn’t in good conscience stand up next to her and validate this terrible decision. We stopped being friends. I don’t regret it. I did everything I could to help her see her own value before it got to this point.
She was my best friend through school, but as she got older she changed. Went bulimic, lost weight, changed her hair from its natural style, started buying clothes her family couldn't afford. Started hanging with people who mocked me for being less thin, less preppy, less cool. Still I stayed. Then I got a crush on a guy Joe in our class. He and I vibed, but she was hot and I was me. She asked him out and they dated for well over a year. We graduated high school and she went to the Marines... and immediately had an affair with the man she eventually married. (High school romances are sad and I don't stand by getting married young - but break up with someone, don't cheat.) Her fellow Marine husband wanted kids, so they had 3 even though she'd always been adamant that she didn't believe in having kids with some of the genetics she carried. Fine. Her husband liked boobs so she went from being flatter than a guy to a double D. Fine. I think the boobs were the final straw on the pretend humility she'd been faking. She started talking constantly about all the compliments she got "oh it's so exhausting, I can't even go to the grocery store without 3 men telling me I'm beautiful." "My daughter's teacher said he couldn't believe I'm a mom because I look like I take too good care of myself, so silly, I'm just glad he's a great teacher!" Just on and on and on. I finally blocked her on social. This summer our mutual good friend from HS is getting married, and I unblocked her for the first time in over a decade to see if she's RSVPing on Facebook so I can decide whether to go. Last I heard, her husband has been cheating on her on and off for years.
Alcohol. We drank like maniacs when we were together. I decided to eat clean and take care of my body.
she treated another friend of hers the way she treated me, and it wasn't until I saw how much it hurt that girl that I realised I should be just as hurt as her but I wasn't, because she does it so often to me I'm just used to it now. Finally stopped putting up with it myself and cut her off. She tried to promise she would change, the same thing she'd tell me every time in the past too, but I told her I was fully done and haven't spoken to her in years. I'm now much better friends with that girl (who also went low contact with her) than with the one I've cut off.
Couldn't take honest criticism like an adult. Used the opportunity to insult everything about me and unleashed some pent-up resentment he'd apparently been saving for 35 years. This was all via text. I can take it, but as soon as he started in on my son and his mother I quit reading and quit talking to him at all. Ffwd a few years. I reach out when his mother passed. He apologized. But I realized I don't need his approval or even care for his friendship anymore.
She told me how she cheated on her fiancée. Well, husband, actually. They got married in secret at the court house. I was supposed to bebin her wedding a few months away. I couldn't stand her pity party. Her husband was never enough, yet she married him. And even though she was going to cut ties with the guy she was cheating on her husband with, she still wanted to be friends with him. I took a hard look at what her actions meant for our friendship & what my complacency made me. I immediately ended the friendship. Unsure if they ever did get married. I didn't tell him what was happening either.
Stole. Lied. Gaslit. Showed up intoxicated to my parents' home. Falsified my signature on a loan. Used my address on a federal job application (which is where they really fucked up, not with me but with the law; I learned about it years later).
I realized they never really liked me, and only kept me around to do favors or lend money. Once I stopped being useful to them, I found myself no longer being included in outings, even if the destination was my idea in the first place. Their justification for not inviting me anymore was that I'd "become a hermit" (I'd developed severe mobility issues, like, I had to crawl to the toilet sometimes, but no doctor could ever figure out what was up. I was in pain 24/7, but no, they said I was just using that as an excuse.) I agonized over it for months, wondering if I was doing the right thing, then I found out about some really shady and awful shit they did to their ex-spouse. I hope they rot in hell.
Had a mate named Toby. We were in the fire service together, literally trusted each other with our lives. He got a girlfriend that was awesome and she got on with my wife and everything. We lost a brother firefighter and were having a few drinks at the wake, 40+ men mourning the loss of a good friend. Toby decided this was a good place to try and pick up a mistress and started trying to hit on the assorted wives and girlfriends present. Once he got to mine, I told him he needed to go sleep it off before he did something irredeemable. His girlfriend came over to escort him to the car and he punched her in the face and took a swing at me as well. There was nothing he could do to recover from that. He blamed his girlfriend and me (dick move), left the service and I have not spoken to him in years. His ex is married to a paramedic (she must have a thing for sirens :) ) and has a great couple of kids
She overstepped, disrespected my marriage.
Always supporting my decisions even the bad ones.
Simple, it was time to get sober and leave the partying alone. Sometimes we grow up faster than people that we are around and that’s okay. What’s not okay is continuing to stay around those friends and continuing the drugs because you’re scared to be alone. I’m kinda a bad example because I have stayed alone, friends wise, perfectly content with my bf and our animals. Making new friends is supposedly easy but I haven’t tried haha!
Best friend for 17 years was my best man and is now dating my ex wife from that wedding.
When Covid broke, he spammed with dozens of messages about how 5G towers are responsible.
Many red flags. For example my friend had the habit of getting late when meeting with me (like up to 1 hour even). When I called her out on it she confessed she does it on purpose, bcs she is fed up that her workplace requires her to be on time for work and she doesn’t want that stress in her private life. Another big red flag was when she insisted to ensure if she quit her job and will have no money, she can move in with me and my boyfriend (into a tiny one space apartment which means sharing the ‘bedrooom’ as well). And that I give her money. She wasn’t fired or in trouble, she planned to quit!
They were dating each other and broke up. One friend asked me to make sure she was good, but also make sure she understood they're done. I told her something that I shouldn't have because I believed it was something that would have helped her move on like he had asked me to. About a week later, I got a text from him telling me that he was mad at me for telling her that, and that I'm not a real friend, and she text me also saying that she is sorry that she told him but they agreed to get back together and be honest about everything. I told them both that I regret getting involved and that they are both immature for even asking me to get involved, and I was immature for accepting it. Finished it off by saying it's better that we don't maintain contact anymore. That was 5 years ago. Last I heard, they broke up and got back together like 3 times. I learned never to get involved in anyone's relationship ever again. I lost two really good friends because of it.
Blamed my wife for his wife’s behavior. Worst part is she is still friends with her and he comes around often, trying to make me his friend again, tried to give me his money. It’s obnoxious af.
I gradually realized I was the one putting all the effort to stay in touch. The final straw was when I called and his wife told me they were getting ready for the baby’s christening, a baby I didn’t know existed. I discarded his phone number after that. His mom had acted really strange around me about a year before that and I think he got caught with something that he shouldn’t have by his parents and blamed me for it. He worked for someone who sold drugs so that fits. I also knew all about him cheating on his wife before she was married with several women.
I was going through a divorce and the only thing my best friend, a Pentecostal pastor, said to me was “God hates divorce”. He didn’t ask why we were getting divorced, and didn’t lend any empathy, sympathy or support. I didn’t even get a chance to tell him that my ex-wife was abusive. But he obviously didn’t care, just that divorce is obviously bad in every single case regardless.
It was always about them. No matter the phone call or convo, they rarely made room for you to even get a breath out. The husband also did not respect boundaries.
I'm the guy that people drop. From what I gather I'm to depressing to be around with and all I do is bitch and complain. Now that I've lost some good friends it made me realize that some Changes are in order and I've been working on them ever sense. Here lately I've had some draw backs but I'm still fighting to be better for myself
He wanted me to stop talking to this girl I met at a bar, so he could take over....I stopped talking to him instead. Been with that girl ever since. 18yrs come July.
Had a friend that I grew up with. As an adult, he was on and off of drugs, but we were still pretty close into our 30s. Then, the only time he would reach out to me or any of our friend group was to ask for money or other favors. I don't need that kind of "friend" in my life.
He called me a satanic pedophile, and to that I said if I was a pedo I’d be a Christian.
She always was very gossiping, and at one point she ruined a friendship with a mutual friend because of a false story. I stopped hanging around as much but still saw her every few weeks. Then she got cancer. We all felt really bad for her. But when she started saying "skip work, come hang out with me I have cancer" we were done. Didn't speak to her for years. 6 months ago she called me for veterinary advice (I'm a Vet Tech). When I kindly responded she got angry that I was 'treating her like a dumb person'. I hung up on her, havent spoken to her since.
Guy kept posting online and telling anyone that would listen that Michelle Obama was an ape/man. Had to be. Refused to retract. Fuck that guy.
Three weeks after my wife died her husband sent me this huge long diatribe about what an asshole I am and that if he sees me he’s gonna beat the shit out of me. She did not protest and I figured that was probably enough of that friendship.
She insulted lady Gaga by saying she was a devil worshiper.
They criticised my life more and more. It got strange. She didn't like my posture, she would comment on how I should suck in my belly, she felt her job was better than mine etc. Then she became a born again christian and started cheating on her long term boyfriend with a guy from that church (and got pregnant). She just became more and more self-righteous and judgemental towards me while acting nasty. I haven't spoken to her in 12 years. I have no hard feelings anymore but I feel sad she changed so much in such a negative way.
Struggled with my sexuality my entire life and wasn’t quite ready to come out yet but I could tell my friends knew. Went out of there way to say hurtful things casually. “Oh thats gay” “I think people who don’t come out are cowards” They always preached they were progressive and accepting to please everybody but they were some of the most hateful people I knew. I saw their the bullshit and don’t pick up the calls anymore.
The most dramatic was one when I was like 18 who got done for CP. I didn't want shit to do with him after that came out but a local news article about a year ago said he was caught again and serving time. Most recent was just a case of a lot of little annoying things that built up until they pissed me off. Essentially it came down to little jealousy based microagressions about us being reasonably well off and travelling a lot. She borrowed money off me, flaked on paying it back like 3 times when she'd said she would, which I didn't actually give a shit about other than the fact she would never say anything about it until like a week after when she'd said and then say a later date, but then in the group chat she made a comment about me having "a cushy life with a rich husband (which is amusing because I definitely wouldn't say we are rich)" which hurt tbh because I've got a litany of trauma I'm dealing with head on now from the past now that I finally have the stability and resources and it isn't easy. Plus she has kids and I have lost one through tfmr and probably won't end up having any so it's like... yeah I get it you'd like my life but sometimes I'd like yours. So that comment just really fucking hurt tbh so I blocked her and the whole ass group chat. But then I reconciled with the others in the group since it wasn't really to do with them. For the most part the friends I have right now are almost all friends I've had for 10-20 years though, I don't often sever friendships. It hurt me a lot to have to end the latter one but a real friend would be happy for me, not bitter.
Went full MAGA. Steered every conversation to it.
One night, while we were talking, sitting on her couch, I said something, and she blew up, standing and screaming at me. She wouldn't stop screaming. I picked up my shit and walked out of her home. She never apologized or explained wtf had prompted that outburst. This happened 15 years ago. We never spoke again.
We had been friends for years and ended up having babies around the same time. Suddenly everything her son did was perfect and faultless, and everything my daughter did was horrible and bad. Eventually I had enough. We were talking on the phone one day and once again she started being negative about my daughter and I just said, 'you know what, fuck you' and I hung up and never spoke to her again.
Started looking down on my friend and trying to make them feel shitty for doing basically anything. They then peer pressured others into doing the same thing. My friend also try’s hard to be friendly and not escalate, she still try’s to make plans to do Pokémon go events with others and he is always there(that’s the only reason they still talk) just recently the asshole canceled on one of these plans by telling my friend he and the others going would rather she don’t go.
My Dad dropped dead of a heart attack when I was in college. One of my friends said, “At least you don’t have to worry about him anymore.” Her Dad had some major mental health challenges, and she worried about him a lot. But, the comment was just so inconsiderate. I didn’t kick her out of my life or anything, but she moved away and I just stopped putting in effort.
I had a friend who was more like a brother. We both became addicts. I went to prison first. In there I was tired of living that way of life. When I got out he stayed the same. But I changed. I knew and he knew that I needed to move on. About a year later he went to prison. And when he out he went back to drugs. Sadly his addiction killed him. To be honest I miss the old him. miss you bro .
Years ago. Best friend at the time, was dating a close friend of ours. one day in class he starts writing names of other girls. I'm asking him, what's that. He said he was dating multiple at the same time to figure out which was better. Personally, I just couldn't be bothered with someone like that, felt it was pretty disrespectful.
Asked for suicide prevention because of depression, dumbass requested suicide by cop escalation instead by making wrong request, i later went home with more suicides because of their foulplay. Not a friend but scum former family member caused more possible future suicides Reddit has another video of suicidal man getting slapped in the face by police, same suicidal guy went home later to end his life permanently
I got sober and saw who he really is.
I was stupid.
He brought a nasty friend to a party at my house (it was actually my wedding day, but we kept it incredibly simple). Said friend (whom I requested not to bring in the first place!) was known for liking coke and couldn't handle alcohol. I absolutely forbid drugs at my house because my dog is always around, so she got W A S T E D. Then she proceeded to sexually harass my guests and eventually got in the bed where my brother was sleeping and touched him inappropriately. At that moment we demanded they leave. Never spoke to him again. In the last parties together before that, his boyfriend offered me coke himself. Dude was clearly hanging with the wrong crowd and turning just like that too, so good riddance. I'm sure he just tells friends in common we cut him out for no reason.
A person who I thought was my best friend tried to hit on my girlfriend.
Had a friend try to white knight a girl by saying she couldn't drink anymore. Once he found out he might be able to sleep with her if he gave her more alcohol, he started telling her she could drink more if she went upstairs to his room. I finally offered her and her friend my bed while I caught the couch. I subsequently got grilled by my ex for it. This is the same friend that told me he wanted to get 16 year Olds drunk in a hotel room at an anime convention. He also went and consoled that same ex behind my back after her and I got into a fight. If you're reading this Joe, I hope you outlive your children you sack of filth.
When I consistently show up for someone who doesn't show up for me and I start to feel like a wounded dog crawling back for more, that's when I cut ties.
spilling everyone else’s, including my own, business to people who have no reason to know it.
I got sick of all the whinging. I don’t want a friendship exclusively based on shared misery. I also found I’d never walk away from hanging out with this friend feeling good in any sense.
They sent me some really horrible messages angry at me for violating boundaries that were not obvious and that they had never articulated. And I said I wished them all the best but I can’t be friends with people I’m afraid of, because I’m done living that way. I would have been on pins and needles every day of my life if we’d stayed friends, wondering what I would do wrong next and if they would tell me or just explode again.
He was my ex that I tried to be friends with. He invaded my privacy several times and tried to get back together with me. He cut me off bc he was mad at me. Then he tried to make amends but I didn’t feel good about it bc he wanted to treat me to dinner on Valentine’s Day. And he let me pick between 3 restaurants because he had a coupon for them. We went to the restaurant and he “forgot” his cash. It made me feel like the cycle would never end.
Okay so I had a friend since I was a baby. Imma call him ron or some shit idk. Basically we were good friends like really good. Then we went into the same school from 5-10 grade were things just took a bad turn he was more involved in the cliche gangster wannabe group so he basically became a ass. Then there was another thing tho which was just made me mad. Basically we were at our school garden and the bell rang and we could get home. Everyone was already gone except me, him and the teacher who wasn't present at that time. Basically ron collapsed infront of me luckily still in the garden tho so it was only dirt and not as bad as concrete or asphalt. Basically I tried waking him up and actually suceeded and he was confused and I just tried to help. Then the teacher came back and asked whats happening. I told her and she called some other teachers she also told me to go get a coke because he needed sugar or something like that. So I sped of to the nearest supermarket which was luckily just a few hundred meter away. Then the other teachers and his mother came and it was basically over. I then told my mother and my 3 very close friends what happened and also told them to not tell anyone else. Well next day has come I go to school and everyone knows about it since ron told it everyone. He also literally insulted me he said "When I woke up and saw his face (mine) I wanted to to fall (asleep or collapse? Honestly not sure how to translate that) again. His mother was atleast kind enough to thank me and that day I knew I'd never even speak to him again Tldr: Old friend since we were babied collapsed infront of me and I helped him. He then insulted me infront of the class for it and made a joke about how ugly I am
Cheating.
I guess I cut ties. I thought we were best friends but one day she just started talking to me less and less. Sometimes not even respond at all but when she did they were 1-3 word replies. I don’t know. I’m pretty sure I was a shit person back then. I’m not sure if I’m any better but I’m trying. Anyway, I just unfriended her from discord when I was upset and felt like she wasn’t my friend. I later tried to friend her back but she never accepted my request again. I still miss her sometimes but this is what life dealt me and with everything else, I just gotta deal with it.
He accused me of flirting with his girlfriend, got upset with me for using him as a job reference after being best friends for over a decade, and turned into a complete scumbag.
He couldn't control his anger, couldn't respect that I was married and wasn't interested in going out to the bar with him anymore. I was happily married and simply not interested in that anymore. After numerous warnings, and him continuing to lose his temper over mundane things, and languishing in his insecurities, I told him he needed to leave and wasn't welcome back. There were five other people in our circle of friends that he was also close with. Over the course of a couple years he had alienated himself from all of us. Each one of the friends in the group ended up telling him he wasn't welcome anymore due to to his constant anger issues. I heard he had a heart attack and survived. None of us spent time with him anymore, so I don't know if he changed or got help or anything. I haven't spoken to him in over a decade now. Me and the rest of our circle of friends still keep in touch, but not with him. The last one cut ties with him about six years ago.
Anytime she would start to date someone, she would just ghost me completely. Stopped coming around, ignored all texts. She did that to me twice now. Decided to completely cut ties for good.
Decided to have self respect, set boundaries, reflect on how people made me feel.
Met a guy in highschool who later turned out to be an absolute nutjob Ever since I knew the guy he seemed friendly to my face yet would make me the butt of every joke when friends were around, I later learned he was smearing my name behind my back and when I tried asking about why people had blocked me, he in return would say the same about them. "Oh, the police raided his house and arrested him for raping someone" despite there being no arrest reports online for said individuals. He got even weirder post graduation, weird as in "Bringing a camera with him everywhere he went with another friend and I and only recording us", the camera was never brought when it was more than the three of us. We eventually got fed up and cut the rope with him and later found out that everyone in our past had cut him out like the cancer he was, apparently without us around to project onto he himself had trouble peacocking to social success, but that is not my problem anymore.
Their alcoholism and their delusions...😓
we were both in college and very much broke, but i still paid for every single thing. every lunch or dinner, every outing, all the alcohol and weed. and any time she knew she couldn’t pay, she’d give me this silent guilty smile and say “oh thank youuuuuu” in this drawn out voice. i just straight up asked her one day if she ever brought money with herself and she said no, i have several maxed out credit cards. “what about cash?” “i don’t have a job” so yeah. didn’t see much value in being someone’s piggy bank when they can’t handle their own money
she was extremely selfish and wanted to be better than me in every way and it felt competatjve. i got sober and when i asked her not to use around me, she never asked to hang again, but would still text me. had to cut her off on my birthday
Longtime republican friend from elementary School accused me of "sounding like Trump" When I told him about the death of my daughter. (He had converted to Independent). I'm a leftist.
We just had different trajectories in life, but not in the way that most people would think. I was starting a family and it caused a huge shift in my focus, as it should. I stopped spending a lot of time doing whatever the hell I wanted and also became way less cynical and depressed as I focused on my family responsibilities. My friend, who I spoke to almost everyday, was still in the mindset of being extremely cynical doing whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. He also became more insufferable because I started to realize how arrogant he was, especially the way he spoke about women; I started seeing him more like a sociopath and less like a confidant. He then started saying a lot of really mean shit about my wife, basically telling me that I wasn't the best version of myself when I was with her and he missed who I used to be. I tried to get them to spend time together, especially after my first kid was born and he kept talking about how happy he was for me. But he honestly didn't really make an effort to be nice to my wife and even though he lavished a bunch of gifts on my kid I just didn't see him the same way anymore. He started talking about his new girl he was interested in at work, and things progressed to them getting married. But the way he talked about her disgusted me. He spoke about her like she was his ward, some young Victorian woman he had to take care of because she was incapable of taking care of herself. I also remember him shit talking her constantly because she was a virgin, she didn't have much life experience because her parents were wealthy and did everything for her, and he kept saying that she was definitely not the type of woman he thought he would end up with but he was desperate so he was going to date her anyway. When he eventually proposed, he asked me to be one of his groomsmen. I accepted it, but then immediately regretted it and I did one of the shittiest things I've ever done by canceling on him about one month before the wedding. He was living across the country at that point and I felt like we had very little in common anymore. I honestly was shocked he asked in the first place, it meant that little to me. We hadn't really been talking at all anymore and I haven't seen him in person for at least 3 years. He also encouraged me to not invite my wife along because they were trying to do the wedding "on the cheap“ which was fine because my wife absolutely refused to come with me. It took me a while to work up the courage to tell him I wasn't interested after letting it drag out for months, and then finally I got "the sign" when I got into a bad car accident and then within a couple months of that happening my wife also nearly died in a similar situation while pregnant with our second kid. I laid it on thick that I was just worried about traveling across the country without my pregnant wife and kid. It completely blindsided him and the conversation was cut very short after I said it. He ended up having the wedding short a groomsman and it's extremely obvious in all the photos. I guess the bride's family was super pissed but I didn't even feel anything hearing that. We haven't really spoke since other than a congratulations message I sent to him when his wife got pregnant after trying for 2 years. I think it's mutual at this point too because when I messaged him this last week to check in after hearing that his father-in-law died, I didn't really get much of a response.
She had a small Internet following, many of whom just hate-followed her because they thought her public persona was annoying, and for some reason, she became absolutely convinced that I was gossiping about her on an online forum. One of her secrets had been posted on it. I was apparently one of four people who'd known that particular secret, and for reasons unknown to me, she decided I was the one who wrote it. I wasn't, but nothing would convince her otherwise. It became pretty clear to me that after 10 years of an entirely one-sided friendship, she still had no real idea about what kind of person I actually was if she thought I was capable of doing something like that. She'd always been very narcissistic, and most of our conversations just revolved around me trying to solve all the problems in her life, which she was convinced were far worse than everyone else's. Even when my grandad died, she just moaned about her most recent breakup. She never reached out to me unless she wanted something, and she never asked about me in return. I don't think she ever had the faintest notion of what was going on in my life. We'd just have 4 hour long conversations at 2am about how utterly miserable and incomparably hopeless she thought her situation was. She was incapable of doing anything to improve any of the issues she was going through, and she'd just complain relentlessly. She was so negative about everything absolutely all of the time. It was like an emotional vacuum. I didn't miss the friendship at all after it ended, and it was only in the absence of it that I realised how exhausting it had been. I still don't know who the person actually was who posted her secret on that forum, but honestly, they did me a favour.
Kept cheating on her boyfriend/fiancee/husband. He was in alert they were engaged but she was still screwing guys on the base.
They took advantage of me when I was homeless.
Because I chose to no longer put up with his backstabbing and compulsive lying. He made the foolish mistake of trying to undermine me to my close friends, which I already suspected. They told me, now he's gone forever. I don't give someone the chance to burn me twice. (40 year friendship).
Insulted my job despite not having one herself, leeched off me for months while i let her stay at my place, she eventually moved to South Carolina years ago and I haven't talked to her since
A pretty classic tale of high school heartbreak. I was majorly crushing on a guy who led me on for fun but never reciprocated my feelings. My bestie at the time knew all the details of my feelings, better than anyone else. I confided in her each time he got my hopes up, and each time he brought them back down. She also knew about my mental health struggles, and she was the only one I felt I could talk to about them since my parents were in denial about me needing help. My friend ended up texting me one day to tell me that she was now dating the guy I had such a major crush on. It wasn't the pain of losing my crush to someone else that broke my heart, it was the betrayal of my most trusted friend. I had never felt heartbreak before, and I was stunned by how it felt. I had always thought "heartbreak" was a metaphor, but I walked around for a week or more with a dull ache in my chest. Thinking about how she knew how terribly that boy treated me at times and the number that treatment did on my already poor mental health, wondering if she had been telling him about things I said to her in confidence. My ability to trust people was broken for a while after that, and I still feel the ghost of that ache when I recall how badly that version of myself was hurt. Be honest to people when they ask if they can trust you. Treat your friends well, and don't ever side with people who hurt them.
Every time we went out to eat, she complained about the price of everything. Everything. It was embarrassing. She always talked about her physical issues and won’t see a doctor who was educated in China or any other country that isn’t white so she’s racist. If we are out anywhere, she doesn’t like Koreans, Chinese and thinks the Japanese may turn on us (I’m half Japanese) so she’s xenophobic. She told me that she was too good of a mom to let her son fly (my son does). So, she thinks I’m a bad mom? The list might go one, but the last time out to eat was the last straw. I am mean to my husband after because I’m out of sorts and I don’t feel like a good person when I’m with her because I can’t change her mind.
I was there for them when they were down. When the tables turned and I was struggling at a terrible job that I couldn't quit (needed the visa) my 'best friend' dropped me for a group of new friends. Was quite tense as we were housemates at the time and I could hear him talking shit about me at 3am in the morning with his new friends while I would be trying to get some sleep before having to face the next day at my hellish job. I'd love to say that the hard work paid off for me, but last time I checked he'd pivoted to a successful art career and was loving life. Me, not so much
He was bi, and forced himself on me. To each their own, no problem with that, but no is no.
Everything had to be a competition. They had the “perfect” life and mine is a trash can fire, yet they still had to be competitive with me and be better then me. It was infuriating because in my head they were winning with their perfect life anyway
He made a move on my wife while I was at the store getting us more beer . I know alcohol changes people but it's inexcusable to me .
He broke up my original rock band, two times. He sorta played Bass, I showed him what to do, gave him lessons. We played a ton of shows around our region, then he got weird and instead of just leaving the band, tried to get my drummer to join his new metal band... Drummer ended up leaving as he was going to have a child, so I get a new drummer and bassist, we play for years, bassist quits amicably and I bring my old buddy back in... After about a year, he pulls his same bs, and threatens to not play our biggest gig... I talk him into playing, then right after he quits again, and I just never bothered talking to him again
Ex friend who "dumped" me during the lowest point of my life tried adding me on social, and is now touting herself as an "energy healer" and "alignment coach." Nope. BRB gonna go throw up.
Had a homie that I found out through our friend group wanted to fuck. That was weird. Slowly fell off after that
Some friends were there when they could get something in return or needed something from me. Started loosing some of them when I said no.
untreated mental illness and addiction issues, I have them myself so it's not judgement on the part of her suffering and struggling but she refused to take any accountability, accept help and was becoming physically violent to anyone who didn't agree with her, coupled with increasing manipulation efforts, we were friends for over fifteen years - I tried incredibly hard but I couldn't go down on her sinking ship any longer.
They called me an slut/whore because I have a consentual open marriage and I have playmates that I chat with. They were one of them. I forgave them and gave them a few chances to change and not talk down to me like that. They kept disrespecting me and that was it. I said I was done, wished them all the best in life and stopped talking with them.
Never become friends with your drug dealer(s), need I saw more
I was living with her and didn’t ask her to be a bridesmaid. When she found out, she yelled at me for about an hour and then stopped talking to me completely. We still lived together for months. She never spoke to me again. And that was the end of our friendship. It was sad she chose to stop being friends with me bc I didn’t ask her to be in my wedding but, in the end, I think I made the right choice. 😔
He was a total wimp who got other people to dump his girlfriends for him. Granted, this was a friend (one of my best friends in fact) that I had in Secondary school between the ages of 12-16, but that didn't excuse his actions. When we were 15-16 he had a girlfriend who he was clearly trying to get someone to dump for him as all he would do was whine, bitch and moan about her. She wasn't a close friend of mine but she was a nice girl who i got along with and she didn't deserve such nasty things being said about her behind her back. I told him several times that he should end the relationship for both his sake and hers. On a field trip one day, he started yet again slagging off his girlfriend who was also on the trip but not nearby. I snapped. Totally fed up, I went off on a tangent about how he needs to just dump her and repeated it several times. Unfortunately, a friend of his girlfriend's who was also on the trip with us was nearby without my knowing, heard me. She took my words completely the wrong way and thought I was pushing my friend to dump his girlfriend due to me not liking her or me wanting to be his girlfriend instead. She approached and of course started shouting at me, calling me jealous and a bitch. I looked to my friend, giving him opportunity to explain, opportunity to at least act like a man instead of a total pussy ... and he didn't open his mouth. He simply bowed his head and kept his eyes on the floor. I was gobsmacked and just stared at him, I couldn't believe he was letting me take the heat for trying to break up a "happy" relationship. He and his girlfriend did break up not long after (she dumped him lmao) but any friendship I had with his girlfriend was destroyed, she refused to acknowledge me in the corridors and classrooms and I would catch her and her friends speaking whilst looking in my direction, making clear they were speaking about me. I couldn't cut my friend off in the true sense of the word as I remained at school alongside of him and we were in the same friendship group, but I certainly gave him a much wider berth from that point onwards. He was so arrogant and selfish that I doubt he even noticed me withdrawing from him. Fuck you Kyle, Michelle deserved better than you anyway 🙂
Had sex with my ex wife .. (she was my wife at the time)
Now I'm worried I'm the most assholish person I know, because I can't remember doing this with anyone. I mean there were two people I once cut out but I made amends with both of them down the road when I had my head on straight. I think anyone who I'm former friends with, they've been the ones to cut me out
found out my former friend wasn't really treating me as a friend behind my back.
I’m awful with telling stories so hope this makes sense I was once friend with this girl I met at work. Let’s call her Ann. Background on her; Ann grew up in foster care. She suffered from mental issues as well and would always say she wanted to k herself to go to the hospital. She has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. So when I met her she was 22 or so pregnant with her first child. She met the dad in one of her grippy sock stays, and they ended up together. So she leaves work to have her baby and I don’t see her again for a few months. When she gets back we are basically instant friends. We start texting and we hang out sometimes. I don’t go around her house much in the beginning, we mostly hang out when she needs some adult time, which she didn’t get often. After a few months we start hanging out less frequently. She moved out into her own apartment, but it was back to back with his. Around that time we hung out more at her place. We end up hanging out with her foster sister, Lex, more too. I end up being friends with both during one of their fights and weren’t talking. Then about a year or two into our friendship she calls my job one day crying. Her baby daddy had kicked her and broken her phone and she had to use someone else’s phone. She asked if I could leave work and help her move her stuff into her foster mom’s house. So I spent that day and the next even helping her clean the place out, move some of her stuff in and just comfort her. Well during the next week Lex is also talking to her and helping her. Ann tells Lex that she’s going back to the cockface, and not me. She was too scared to tell me. And I’m not an angry person, I’m a blunt person. She knew she was wrong so she didn’t wanna tell me. She knew I had taken time off work to help her. After that I realized it was her choice to go back to him and continue getting hurt, and I couldn’t stop her. But she is just as crazy as he is so maybe he’s getting hurt too. But the good news is that Lex turned out to be my best friend, and really only friend. But to this day Ann is trying to terrorize Lex but that’s her story to tell, not mine.
He beat up his girlfriend
Owed me too much money. Stole $3 from my own purse to pay me back. Used me for my car for rides. And that car was a ‘91 Volvo 740 beater. This was 2007ish. Would ask for “either ten or twenty dollars for gas” for her other friend and they’d buy drugs together and laugh about me. I hadn’t had friends before, didn’t realize what companions were supposed to be like, so I’d just roll with it. I was not a victim, but I was not at all experienced or skilled in relating to people. I was in the throes of mental illness, and had little in my life worth noting at that point. But I did have a minimal job, a car, a dump apartment to myself, had struggled insanely to get my degree but had it too. She had absolutely nothing to lose as an addict and got me into deeply sketchy situations that could’ve left me in her position. Never trust the friends you bond with while manic.
Psychological event.
I asked him to stop leaving trash in my car. He called me a dick and we stopped talking. Another one was because everytime I called her it would be 2 hours of her complaining about everything. Never asked me questions about my life or how I was doing. I got tired if being her therapist.
Found out that she was talking mad shit about me at our high school reunion, two days after we found out my dad had terminal colon cancer and while he was still in the hospital with a 50/50 chance of surviving surgery. It was just the final straw in what I realized was a long string of her narcissism. I immediately cut her out of my life and if I ever see her in person again, I plan to act as if I don't know her.
We were best friends and really close but she started ghosting me or replying to me super late. I had her as my first priority. But I wasn't even her third or fourth. I tried communicating it multiple times. She'd apologise but do the same thing again. One day as we were arguing she said very nonchalantly kinda like "you know, I know, we aren't best friends anymore". It took me a few days but I cut ties with her. Self respect first. It's been years since I talked to her. I miss her a lot and wish her well. But I won't talk to her again.
She gave my (faceless) nudes to her fiance, who then posted them online along with pictures he pulled from my Facebook profile (so... No longer faceless)
She got bad hooked on speed. It became a risk to me and mine to associate with her. It was really sad. She passed recently. I miss her.
I untethered myself from the pits of hell so I can achieve peace take a nap and get a restful think. Only to awaken to ashes of the souls I devoured and still be hungry. I was selfish, and quite honestly ridiculous. But, I learned to relax. So no regrets.
They were jealous of me, never cared, only wanted me around so they wouldn’t have to do things alone. They weren’t happy for my happiness but only cared for their own. After years of putting up with it, I’d had enough. My life has changed for the better ever since and I never miss them ever. Told me everything about them.
I have this coworker best buddies, we have the same humor and vibes, I was happy when we’re chilling together in work. Suddenly I found out she’s gossiping about me to other employee, saying bad things about me, saying my metrics: KPI is trash, saying I was dumb, i blocked her in social media, without confronting her, feels good
Took her months to pay back money she owed and it wasn’t a lot of money. Her parents were paying for her living and spending costs and I had a mortgage, rent and a bunch of other payments to pay. She was also going shopping yet couldn’t return the 85 bucks she owed me?
My best friend from law school, who was also my best man at my wedding, said he no longer wanted to remain friends because I did not vote the way he wanted in the 2016 election, I thought he was kidding. But he was serious, and has ignored all subsequent attempts to reconnect over the years.
She was always jealous and hostile about it. I kept giving her chances, let her apologize her way back into my life 3 times before I made it stick. The third chance was stupid of me because she had written a testimonial on a social media page (hi5) of mine how I was such a horrible person and that she hoped anyone I dated in the future would rape and abuse me like an ex did, because that’s what I deserved. Yeah, I let that back into my life once more. Haven’t spoken to her in over a decade now. She reached out on Facebook once with yet another,” I’m sorry my insecurities got the best of me, I deserved you cutting me off. It’s just not fair everyone likes you so much more..” everything she always apologizes for. I didn’t see it for months after she sent it, and it ended with, “ once I’m able to block you again in a week when facebook allows, I’m going to. So you have until then to reply to me if you want to, but I get it if you don’t.” I wasn’t bothered by missing the window to reply. Had no desire to, especially since I was dating the guy I met through her, that she told us both we weren’t allowed to fall for each other. She had told me it was because he was her back up plan if her baby daddy that she was desperate to be with wouldn’t step up.
He fell down a far right conspiracy theory rabbit hole and came out a QAnon dingdong.
It wasn’t until I met my absolute best friend and realized the way she treated me was much better than my ex best friend. The friendship was pretty one sided, but I didn’t see it in the moment, until I was out of it. I moved across the country and met new people, and I realized how much better my life is without her. I wish her well, but my standards are much higher now.
i grew up
A pattern of controlling behaviour that culminated in her telling me to break up with my boyfriend or she was going to break our lease (which we had just finalized and paid for... Minutes before). Needless to say, the lease did not work out and I haven't spoken to her since.
Blamed me for absolutely everything - I didnt even live in the same country as her.. she blamed her poor relationship with her mother on me, her mental health and overall life struggles on me, an online friend. She would explode if I didnt text her; she would never text me first. Eventually all the one word replies and curses got to me and I finally told her that I thought we shouldn't talk anymore. Her last message to me was "K. Then fuck off."
My best friend became a falling down drunk, she is now sober, but her brain became so pickled from so much vodka that she is not at all who she used to be. She also became so far left, that everything offends her. Politics were never part of our friendship now it's all she thinks about with her pickled brain.
I paid for all our outings and when he got money he disappeared until he was broke again! Had enough and I just stopped taking his calls and avoided places I knew he’d be! Took a year or two until he got the hint! It’s been 30 years and recently ran into him he’s looking rough and still living with his elderly dad
Unfortunately her husband was a creep. She sorta agreed with me, but wasn't going to leave him. Friendship just couldn't survive after that.
Infidelity to their spouse. Two different friends
Transphobia.
He went down the alt-right pipeline and became someone I didn’t recognize. Made some post with the pride flag arranged to look like a swastika, ranting about grooming kids etc. brutal.
Friends for 20+ years. She borrowed 300 bucks with a promise to repay it the next week. The day before she was to repay it, she blocked my messages on social media. I dont even care that much about the money but this showed me our friendship was worth 300 bucks to her.
Lied to me twice and it was totally unnecessary
The straw that broke the camel’s back was when I find out he voted for Trump. There were other issues as well, but that was the one I couldn’t ignore.
Best Friend told me she never saw me anymore and enjoyed spending time with me more when I was with my physically, sexually, AND emotionally abusive ex boyfriend….didnt care that I had a cancer scare/tumor removed from my mouth/told me it’s “easy to make excuses for yourself” for “losing touch” even tho I reached out to her
Had a friend since elementary school. On and off due to time and distance. She reached out to me a couple of years ago when she was going through a divorce - husband was having an emotional affair - and I was so supportive; had her come stay with me, offered to help her find a job so she could move away from their shared house, basically was a shoulder to cry on. Three months later, I lost my partner of 16 years to cancer. I was devastated. I reached out to her for support, and she completely ghosted me. After everything I did for her during her divorce. Fucking stung like a bitch. Cut to last year, I turn 40. My sister throws me a party, invites the friend. She can’t make it because she’s in the process of moving (lives several states away), but swears up and down to my sister that she’ll call me on my actual birthday. Never hear from her. Her birthday is a month later. I text her happy birthday. She responds “Thanks, sorry I never reached out on yours lol” Not a single word spoken about my partner. Left her on read and haven’t spoken to her since.
They didn't want to grow. Stuck in a broke mentality from when we lived in the projects as kids. I am a business owner now and watching her smoke, move back to projects, work minimum wage with no plan. I felt guilty at first but the conversations were gossip, parties, clubbing. I had to move on.
Lied to me twice and it was totally unnecessary
He tried to make a move on my wife. She, knows Jiu Jitsu, choked him out. I came out of the bathroom and he was lying on the ground recovering. I asked what happened, she told me, told him to Ef off and left. It’s Been three years
I had a great friend who got caught up in one of those pyramid scheme products and then every single get together became a hard core sales pitch and trying to meet all my other friends. Sigh.
Me, I’m an asshole. I eventually began to realize just how toxic I was and saw a pattern of how it happened and knew I wouldn’t be able to grow and fix it if I was still around them. They enabled me didn’t realize that they deserved better so I cut ties and started trying to be a better person. They are all good people and didn’t deserve to be held back by my behaviour, I was the problem.
she started treating me like we were in a toxic relationship instead of a friendship. would get mad if i took more than 10 mins to respond, got jealous of me having other friends and would start an argument over something small at least three times a week. boiling point is when she wanted to start taking the same classes as me despite being in a completely different program. i told her it made me uncomfortable and she went OFF on me. that was the end.
I married his former girlfriend
Toxic negativity and being an online “knight” while telling me I didn’t understand struggles…. She’d tell me how the lgbt community thinks as if I wasn’t part of that community 🤷🏼‍♀️when I would disagree with anything she said she’d tell me I was wrong.
I had a friend who I met in seventh grade, we had a pretty big friend group, he was my boyfriend for a while, we went to the same college and you know our friend group stayed together. As we got married, people came into the group, and then some divorces happen including mine. My divorce Happened because my husband cheated on me, and then this guy that I’ve been friends with basically stayed friendlier with my ex-husband that he did with me I mean my ex-husband went to his house for dinner, they would hang out together, but whenever I talk to my friend, he would say things about getting together, and it never happened, finally one day I just called him and I told him that it had hurt that he continued to invite my husband to his house, but never me in spite of saying that he was going to, and that I was bowing out of the friendship. So he was free to be friends with my ex-husband, and I was free to focus on the people that supported me. both stayed in the bigger friend group, (not my ex-husband), so I still see him occasionally, but I haven’t been to his house in years. Zero regrets.
There was a certain friend group that did me so dirty and there was one specific girl within the group that caused most of it and both me and my ex best friend cut her off and she did it to stand by me but it wasn’t long before she started going on and on about how “oh I be xyz misses us so bad” “I just know she wants to talk to us so bad” to the point where it just became so repetitive that I was like “can we not talk about her?” Mind you, me and said ex-bestfriend went through a lot when it came down to her doing stuff to me and me just letting it slide and forgiving her but it eventually came to a point where I got tired and stopped putting effort into the friendship. I’d avoid her phone calls, text messages, plans to meet and just any contact that was both physical and online. I had become so tired of her shit because I was literally treated worse than the pavement you walk on. It eventually got to the point where she texted me a long paragraph after avoiding her for months saying “why are you ignoring me, you just leave and not say anything” i understand I could’ve been more communicative but I wasn’t being heard when I would express myself about how irritated I’d get when she’d mentioned our old friend and how she just treated me like an overall shitty friend. We eventually started being cool again but it was beyond different, I wouldn’t be the same and she’d always tell me “why are you being so silent” it just felt like I didn’t want this person around me. I eventually decided to stop being friends with her and within a second of me ending our friendship, she followed our old friend on instagram. Mind you, the old friend she followed back on instagram used to treat her like shit all the time and would make fun of her within our friend group. I stopped giving a damn but it’s just unfortunate when you put so much effort into something for the person to so easily break that.
Covid opened a lot of eyes
She said terrible things about the people in our circle. Always moaning and bitching about them. It dawned on me that she was likely saying bad things about me to them, and I suddenly had an epiphany one morning - I don’t need this level of toxicity in my life. She made a cryptic FB post, and I just lost it on her, called her on her constant attention seeking behaviour, then blocked her on every SM platform I could. I now have friends who lift me up and allow me to be myself.
The final straw was when I told them that I was struggling with alcoholism and asked them to not offer me any booze when we were going to hang out. When I came over the first thing they did was offer me a drink, which I was unable to resist and accepted. I also would just regularly get drunk and make bad decisions while hanging out with them.
I realized the relationship was not only one sided, but unhealthy for me to be in
Longtime (50+ yrs) bff purposely tried to sabotage my then fiancé’ trash talking and lying about him….she was very jealous and didn’t like that I was doing well…makes me sad, it was always this way but I didn’t see it.
When I was 14 I was close friends with a girl that was 15 in the neighborhood, we had been friends for several years b4 that, I caught a 48yo person from her church SAing her and then later told me not to report it or do anything and if I did she would not only deny it but would accuse me of said act. Turns out her dad sent him for that and she knew it and couldn't stand the thought of her dad getting in trouble. I couldn't be around her with that secret so that was it.
Calling me degrading names to others whenever she was upset with me, instead of talking it out. I let it slide when we were younger, then she did it again when we were grown adults. I think she was shocked when I decided to cut ties because years later she sent me an apology letter. That was appreciated but I’m not going back in the dumpster
We had been friends since kindergarten, and 2 years ago, I started dating a guy from our hometown. At this point, keep in mind she is happily married with a kid and trying for a second. Apparently, they had slept together three times in high school, and she thought it was going to turn into something serious, but it didn't because he wasn't looking for anything serious with her. She kept making little comments here and there every time we hung out to remind me she had slept with him (around 10 years ago now) and when I confronted her and told her to please stop she denied doing it. I didn't end the friendship, though. She did like a week after I asked her to please stop bringing up something that happened when they were teenagers. She said it was because I chose to be with someone who had hurt her. I apologized and told her that I didn't realize it had hurt her so much but he's changed in the last 10 years, he's no longer a teenager and he treats me better than anyone ever has. She ended the friendship because I didn't sound genuine enough and didn't break up with him. She reached out to me a couple months ago and I told her that I wasn't interested in trying to revive a friendship she'd ended because of a man she'd slept with in high-school that she had pretended not to have an issue with for a year. She posted on social media recently saying that I'm not seeing the situation clearly, and it popped up on my feed today. I've moved past the situation. Me and him are now engaged and expecting our first child, and I wouldn't trade what we found for anything.
She hates people the same colour as me then got shitty that I wouldn't condemn myself for her victim mentality.
Nearly raped me and treated me like shit--karma happened: guess was found with child porn on computer and looks like an old creepo last I saw (online)
When they started being shitty :) the moment a friend starts “projecting” their insecurities and bullshit onto me I get out
I had a Best friend who I met online and I finally met her in person and was so excited, she stayed with me in my uni room and we had planned to go clubbing and things cause she was from a small town and I lived in a big city but at the time due to health I wasn't drinking and before we went out I had an allergic reaction from a restaurant we went to. I decided I was okay to go out but wouldn't drink whereas she ended up getting so plastered and I found it so difficult to deal with her. Long story short we met a couple guys whilst walking and one of them said he had a gf, I was ready to go home she was just wanting to party so the guys said she could hangout with them. She ended up making out with this guy knowing he was taken which is against my morals and then was so wasted I had to take care of her. She ended up with his jacket and was so embarrassed and made me meet with him the next day. Our friendship just never recovered from there. I want the best host to her after but I just felt betrayed. We stopped talking started talking a couple years later and reconnected and I apologized and then just outta nowhere she ghosted me and I knew I wasn't gonna give her a third chance so I blocked her. I unfortunately haven't had any close friends since and it honestly hurts a lot
Negativity & treating their elderly parents hateful
I realized how my body felt when I was around them. I was dick all of the time, I got panic attacks, and my hair started falling out. When I set boundaries with them, they walked away. They did me a favor.
She could be so nice for long extended periods of time. Then jealousy (I think?) would trigger her to say something so nasty and rude, often out of nowhere. She would usually laugh it off as a “joke.” Then she’d be so nice for another long stretch, I’d make excuses for her, etc. My husband said it was like watching me be in an abusive relationship. One day we were having coffee and she made a cutting comment after I told her I was really upset about something. I can’t explain why this time was the switch in my mind, but suddenly I was like, “Why am I friends with this person?” I told her that her comment hurt me, she made some poor attempt at backtracking, and the coffee date continued. But I decided in that instant that I was done. We never spoke after that. What I find interesting is she never reached out to me again either. I think she realized something had shifted that day. We were friends for many years.
I told my friend that I was on leave and she kept asking me why was that. The last straw was when she told me she heard rumours that I was fired from my job, which wasn’t true. I blocked her number and it’s been 10 years now.
Married a fucking psychopath. Not exaggerating. About two months into that marriage, he knocks on my door (which was hella wierd) and asks me to talk. He asked me what he should do, and I walked him through the legal process of annulment, explained he'd need a lawyer, but that he had good cause for an annulment. She was a diagnosed psychopath, had been previously institutionalized, and kept all of this secret until after the marriage. After that chat, I'm not sure what exactly happened with them, but on more than 1 occasion I had to call the cops on them because she was threatening suicide, attacking him (dude was walking around with black eyes and cigarette burns), and in general, she was being completely fucking insane. I checked in on him regularly, things were not improving, he never went for the annulment, then one day, he just stopped responding to my check ins. He cut us all out, his family too. Then, the landlord evicted them because he was sick of having to call the cops and the girl was ripping hella cigs in the house. He moved, and none of knew where too. I'm still good friends with his family. We all bonded over this. Last I heard he was still cut off from everyone, isolated, and she had recently stabbed him and put him in the hospital. He refused to press charges. So yeah. I cut ties with him, or rather he cut ties with me, because he married a psychopath.
I found out my best friend of 30 years was a closest racist. Bye bye beotch.
Context: I have autism, I have two brothers with autism, and I work with people with disabilities. He argued with me that, all things being equal, it would be better if autistic people and disabled folks in general had never been born. And better for society at large. This went on for two hours. And he just would. Not. Take. A. Hint. That I was deeply uncomfortable with that conversation. And I later found out that he was abusive to his then-girlfriend, who is now one of my closest friends. We both spit on the ground whenever his name comes up.
He was always talking down to me about everything, he would criticize my then fiancee now husband for not being a man and making sure we had enough money to do the things he wanted to do. We were both in college and working crap jobs and had to turn down going out to extravagant restaurants or events and he'd get really angry. One day I just stopped putting the effort in because it was exhausting. From what I hear he is not doing well meanwhile we are just fine.
My best friend of the last 20 years literally ghosted me. Does not return texts, does not answer my phone calls. I’ve asked her if I’ve done anything wrong and she insists no. I’ve literally told her stuff about my life that nobody else knows and vice versa. So adios amiga
Me being an arrogant shitheel.
She tried to sleep with my ex and father of my children, very aggressively, before I even moved out of our place or officially separated. I knew she was like this, but you know.. you think you're special to people, but nobody is ever actually special. 🙃
It was either that night or the next I had a vivid dream of everything that had gone on throughout nearly a decade of the friendship; of things I have thought of or felt, it was as if my mind had a purge or regurgitated it all out of me. It was strange.
She started going to fundraisers for a political party that made my daughters afraid to get pregnant, made my gay friends afraid to adopt or teach their classes, and made my trans friend afraid to exist. She wasn’t like that in high school. I don’t know what happened. But she sends money to bigots so I cut her off.
Okay so a little background, my old best friend who I thought was my ride or die stopped being friends. We started talking a few months later and I found out from her that our “friend” was talking about me behind my back, telling all my secrets to everyone. I was going through my first breakup and it was rough. He told everyone my most venerable ugly moments and made fun of it to them. And he was telling people he didn’t associate himself with me and that he had me blocked. So I blocked him. Asshole
He got famous and thought his new friends who are just as famous were better than the ones that were with him when he was nothing.
I realized I was the only one to ever initiate talking or hanging out if she was in town. So I stopped and we haven't talked in 10 years
she became an evil bitch
Turned into a Q Trumper
“Friend” called me Up almost weekly to complain about something wrong I did towards her (apparently) and to let me know her feelings. I get it is part of adulting but it was becoming too often, that I started to pull away bc I already had enough chaos going on in my life, I didn’t need more.
She was taking advantage of me. The straw that broke the camels back was that I stuck my neck out for her and then she made me look like a fool because she didn't tell me she was turning down the opportunity she asked for. I found out from a 3rd party and when I confronted her, she said she didn't think I'd be mad. And she did the same thing to another one of my friends. Do I still think about her? Yes. Do I want what's best for her? Yes. Have I realized I'm better without her? Also yes.
She spiked my drink knowing that I don’t drink alcohol.
Besmirched my girlfriend to my father when he went hunting with him just before she and I came home to visit for the first time. Joked around with my father calling me a faggot behind my back on that same hunting trip. Relentlessly made fun of me in front of others to make himself look better. Made me feel bad for making new friends. It’s been great being away from that. It’s just sad that I didn’t stand up for myself sooner and realize the toxicity and the damage it was doing to my self esteem and confidence.
We had been friends since preschool on and off. All of the time we had stopped being friends was bc she cut me off. When I was around 18 I got my first car. She had texted me asking to be friends again. Since we had been friends with preschool I wanted to give her a chance even though she had NEVER been a good friend. The entire time we were "friends" again was a fucking joke. She would ask me for rides to her job the next town over. She would tell me she could either pay me gas money or give me weed. She always assumed I wanted the weed and would proceed to give me the most disgusting shit I've ever had. It tastes so fucking bad and did not get me high. She might as well have given me nothing bc the "weed" she gave me would just get thrown away. Idk how she smoked it with a straight face. She probably thought she was so smart and that I wouldn't even notice. Or she figured I'm too nice to say anything, and I am. I didn't say anything about it but was confused where this garbage kept coming from, why it was never good. Anyways the straw that broke the camels back was mother's day. My mom passed away not too long ago. This girl told me we could hang out so I wouldn't have to think about it. I text her on mother's day and ask if we're still hanging out. I think I even had gone over to her house at some point but she never answered. She left me on read all day. I wouldn't have minded if I was left on delivered. I wouldn't have minded if she gave me some kind of excuse. But the fact that she didn't say anything set me off. She knew how close me and my mom were. She's treated me like shit out entire lives and I was done. I now live over 1200 miles away so she has no reason to reach out to me, since I can no longer do her favors.
I am the consummate letter writer. If I write you a letter, my intent is to open lines of communication. It's worse for you if I don't write one. I once had a girl friend say to me, "I was checking my mailbox for 3 days!"
She wouldn’t let me sniff her dirty shoes and feet. I loved feet. Her feet was amazing. When she got back from work I used to smell her shoes and do it yk in her sock and take it off before I’m done.
Bolsonaro
i found out he had made moves on a few 15-17 year olds while we were in our mid 20s
She wouldn’t attend my baby shower. I thought she just had to work. That wasn’t the problem. I tried to invite her to meet my baby, after he was born, and she began shunning me. My baby has nothing to do with her, or anyone she knows. She has never met the father of my son. My friend is half Latina and I am not Latina at all. She began to pass comments through my husband and mutual friends that made it sound like she couldn’t hang out with me because I’m white. My husband is also white. She made it sound like she was part of some blood gang and couldn’t be my friend anymore. I guess she can only be friends with O+ people. Both my son and I are O-.
Guy had slept with multiple underage girls and a few friends told me about it. At one point it happened right in front of me and I called it there. He was 24 with a 17 year old girl at our party and he was serving her shots too.
They started reposting stuff on Facebook under the guise of "proud of my heritage." And wouldn't stop when told the stuff is linked to actual white supremacy pages.
Met this girl, spent a lot of time together. I liked her, asked her out. She said no, and we stayed good friends. I meet another girl and we start going out. This was back when your relationship status on Facebook was accurate and cool, so I change mine to "In a relationship with...." Anyway my friend started messaging my GF asking stuff about being my GF. From what it's like dating me to how I am in bed. And then messaging me things like why I'm dating a girl in XYZ city that's far away. Basically getting really jealous and stalker like. I phoned her and asked her WTF was going on and she first denied sending the messages, then saying she was hacked, then some other excuses. She got very crazy very fast and I just cut off all contact and blocked her.
Had to squeeze by a tight opening. Their hand caressed my butt. Had to defend my own honor and fight. Haven't spoken in 30 seconds.
This, i got real friends and was weirded out by how nice they were, thought they were gay. Turned out i had some shitty ass friends 😂
I agree to this 100%
Relatable, I was in a really toxic gamer friend group and just kinda hung in there because of the games and fun, but when I got some non-toxic friends that actually respected me (women in gaming groups doesn't always go well, I have nice gaming buddies now tho) I slowly dropped them all.
this, or when you realize you've become toxic yourself as a result
Same 💯
Same
This is so real. All he kept telling me was I lacked patience and needed to let him become social on his own. So I gave him space. He didn't reach out in 4 years. Oh well
Same
It makes me feel so bad.
Samezies
Same here :(
Yup. I did all the calling, texting.
This. So sick of one way friendships
What u mean ?
Omg this is me and my friend.
She sounds like a textbook narcissist
Toxic competitive undercurrent. My former bff encouraged me to get back with my abusive ex after I met a man that treated me well. I finally figured out she didn't want to to have anything "better" than she did.
I had a friend that couldn't take a compliment and would try to put me down for saying or doing something nice for him. It was the most confusing friendship ever.
Reminds me of Devlin from the movie Just Go With It!
Exactly this, and couldn't be happy (at least shut up any negative comments) for anyone. Something good will be twisted into something bad. Once told her that I would be going on a class trip and our accomodation will be a nice hotel. She isn't even in that trip, yet was insisting we would be sleeping in a slump. I thought it was easier to shut up than say shit.
I had a friend like this. It would have been bad enough if we were high schoolers doing this, this was in our 30’s. Took me way too long to realize that the calmer and happier my life was, the worse she was with the passive aggressive rivalry.
Wow.
That’s awful. Hope you are getting better ❤️‍🩹
What a bitch
Wow that's disgusting, I hope you're healing 💚
Wow I had this happen to me. Not the same as I never got raped but I did get hit and beaten in front of my friend who took his side then later dated him.
You’re better off. Way better off.
Wooooow
That’s gross !!
That's absolutely horrible. I'm so sorry that happened to you. They both deserve the worst things possible.
Oh no!!! How horrible!
What the actual fuck?! I lost friends who were scared to talk to me after they found out my stepfather had been molesting me, but none of them testified on his behalf!!!
Same, just lost my oldest friend to this. Guy wouldn't go out to meet women so he tried to steal mine.
you shouldve oil checked him and made him your slave
+ 1. People like that lack self awareness and you can’t fix that.
My cousin is the same way. That’s his first question for me when we see each other. He makes twice as much as me, yet I have savings and he’s broke…
This is kinda what did it for me and my friend. Love her but she kept telling me how she makes $300k, looking for $500k… I’m a grad student making 42k lol and she knows it. She only started doing it once I got a bf… tbh there were other issues too
This just pissed me off because it’s so accurate. You waste your time being such a good friend and for nothing. I hope all is well with you now friend.
I’m gutted about it because they meant so much to me but I realise now I mustn’t have meant as much to them. Been there. No answer is an answer.
Same thing kind of happened to me, except it was with BIL and his girlfriend. They suddenly stopped coming to family events and were ignoring me. I apologized saying I’m sorry if I did anything to upset them. They said there are years worth of issues with me that I had no clue about. They wanted to have a conversation about it but it never happened. It sucks being left in the dark especially when you want to try to fix things. Even harder when it’s family. Edit: I genuinely care about them and it really hurt when they cut my husband and myself off with no explanation. But they have issues with everyone else in the family so it’s not just us.
Same. It hurts but I don’t know. It just sucks and it feels like it’s my fault
That such a hard line to find sometime too. Sometimes people get so wrapped up in their own shit that even replying to people they love becomes a step above what they can handle. I've both been that person and had friends do the same. I usually just leave the door open for them to come back but dont pursue it. Sometimes they really just don't give a shit. Then the door closes.
Yep , me too, So many people I used to love and respect. I never really knew them and it hurts.
I mean dude is still my brother but Trump has driven a HUGE rift between me and my little brother. He went a step further and is into Alex Jones too, even bought me Info Wars supplements at one point.
OMG I have a coworker who was a salt of the earth give you the shirt off their back type. Trump brain took over and they are so angry and complaining all the time. It’s been sad to see. Thank goodness our work keeps us too busy to talk now.
Lost a few too. One was a childhood friend (almost 30 years). Honestly though, good riddance.
Lost both parents and a sibling to the Trump machine, now its 30 posts a day min on fb from each of them about how bad Biden is, how great Trump is, and how terrible the left is... oh and an insane amount of posts about religion and shit that is literally counter to everything else they post.
I was this friend. I would disconnect from all of my good friends. Most of them never saw me at my worst, but everytime I would go to rehab or get in trouble I would completely ghost all of them and spiral until I came back like nothing happened, and then repeat the cycle. One of my best friends acted distant the last time I did this, and his room mate revealed to me that he was done with the drama. I was so self absorbed I didn’t consider how it made other people feel when I would just completely disregard them for months to years at a time. The room mate told me that “it’s okay, you just can’t do it again.” I never got back to a good place with the other friend. It’s still great when we see eachother, but it’s a motivation to stay on the straight and arrow because I see how much of his life I missed and how much of that friend group I’m not involved in anymore. I feel like that point in my life where I realized how my selfishness was effecting others was like a weird junkie “Christmas Carol”. I had one friend that was done with me, another that lashed out from a place of hurt and concern, and 2 more that took me back no questions asked and supported me like nothing happened. Had it not been for that cocktail of consequences and forgiveness I may never have gotten my act together. It’s been 8 years and while my life looks much different than my friends due to my mistakes, it’s a good life. I work my ass off, and don’t ever take time to travel or even just staycations, but I’m appreciated in my community, have a girlfriend that loves me, and those same friends are the best ones I could ever ask for. My girlfriend always tells me how she doesn’t even have one friend that’s as good as the three that helped me most, and I’m so grateful to be given another chance to be a good friend.
I bet they can’t even explain to you what that even means!
That's unhinged. Glad she's out of your life!
Me, personally, I wouldn’t have that Defo should show em who’s boss
Is brothers friend supposed to be “boyfriend?”
Ummm
That's one of the weirdest 'cures' for depression I've heard, hope you're doing better now!
I had both experiences: ended friendships because they run their course and you grow apart or they aren't supportive of you; or they end it with you because, well the same! I lost friends as a teen which was painful. But in the last 10 years, I lost friends I had for decades and I wasn't "good enough" for them anymore. One was from childhood which was very sad as I was even very close with her mother. The other was an e-mail friend who lived in another country. She did visit the US but although about 6 hours away, was never keen on meeting me. We knew everything about each other and she was there for me during very difficult times. We e-mailed almost every other day for 10 years! But when I wanted to zoom during covid and have 3 of my friends meet each other, she wouldn't do it and said something like we'd chat "maybe once in awhile." My heart broke and I cried for 2 days. It was a shock I didn't expect. I did realize that I was her 'secret friend' (rediculous); I looked forward to meeting her; she didn't feel the same way.
Same
That'll do it, happened to me with my rapist and some mutual 'friends'.
Geez that sucks
Yep, me too. So many in my life. Its like the twilight zone...and it hurts.
And I’m sure they claim you are the one who went off the deep end. I lost a good friendship because I defended Obama.
That is completely reasonable
That's pathetic
Huh?
Is this voice to text? Lol
She wanted to see your partner and kids cheeks?
Wow.
What on earth precipitated this event?
Ofc there has been something else going on between us before that, but I think this credit card issue was the final call to end our friendship.
Dude… The fuck?
human decency butterfly Straight guys: “is this gay??”
+1
>Same I felt exhausted, and to this day, that is the one person I never want to see again. EVER! It took them 10 years to find me on Facebook (I had moved across 8 states at that point), and I'm under an alias. I blocked them Immediately, even when they provided a phone number. NOPE.
That's so cooked. I've experienced jealous friends but that's a whole extra layer of insidious
That’s terrible!
It's one thing to say "dude, your girlfriend is beautiful" and leave it at that. It's quite another to be a tool about it and be trying to pick her up.
Had a friend who bestowed some wisdom on me. The more money you make, the more you spend. He made over 250k a year, yet his bank account was constantly overdrawn. I was making a pittance at the time and didn't believe him. Now I'm doing better and wholly understand the sentiment.
It took me a long time to realise that. For months I was convinced I MUST have done something wrong? But I figure surely they would’ve told me by now? I don’t know 🤷‍♀️
Almost all of my friends lost their minds to Trump. Tried to not talk politics, but they can't help themselves so I went no contact. Trumpers are deal breakers.
This is me and my mom. We'll be having a normal conversation not political in any way and then out of nowhere she'll start in with, 'Well, I know you're a sOcIaLiSt...' I've gotten to the point where i just hang up now
There was a time when I would have given the man the shirt off my back we were that close. First Obama got elected and the racism started to show. Trump got elected and the mask came completely off. Had to cut him and his crowd of people out of my life entirely.
I lost a long-term childhood friend over Trump too. But in the weirdest way possible. She voted for Trump in 2016, I voted third party. I didn't care that she voted for him, I cared that she hated him, voted for him anyway, then gave me hell for not being a closeted Republican. I'm pretty conservative in my personal beliefs but I don't want to force those beliefs on others. She was super liberal in her personal beliefs but hardcore about Democrats being evil. Idk, it was just such a weird system of hypocrisy with her it drove me crazy.
I really appreciate you sharing your story. I am so glad you chose to take your sobriety & friendships seriously and continue that onward.
"That'll preach!" Most excellent!
They were like, "but, 20 years ago you used make racist jokes!" As if people become ignorant of what happens when people educate themselves.
"Woke" is one of those things where if you know, you know, and if you claim you don't know, you really do know you're just looking for a fight.
No he was my brothers friend that had a shitty home life so we moved him into our house in high school until like, mid 20s. Basically another brother.
I ain't gonna read all that but sorry that happened. I just think I'm too good and better than everyone so it's just hard to find anyone who's on the same stage/level. so I don't get hurt at all when they're gone. It was just like I no longer have to take care of them.
You never deserved that. I’m sorry.
I disagree. I can’t be friends with someone who loves a genocidal
It was more like, yo I think this is gay but I like it!!
somebody buys him a beer "WHY ARE YOU GAY?"
I mean, that sounds like a lot of effort ngl
Or you didn’t do anything and it was the weight of your awesome crushing them!
I dont know if they changed or if I just never reallly knew them but Trumpism isnt just "politics" its textbook Fascism...and I will never , ever forgive them for that.
My mom and I have cut ties over this same shit. I just can’t handle her ignorant boomer Trump BS.
I hate what these pieces of shit have done to our country.
Check out the podcast knowledge fight. They go through infowar episodes and break down every lie and bad argument Alex makes.
Problem is, people get crucified by the woke for things they said 20 years ago.
Ohhh, the two stories change so abruptly that I thought they might be one just typed out weirdly.
Really should've kept that first sentence to yourself You basically just explained why everyone stops talking to you
I could say that about almost every major government or political party in the world. If this person was your friend, assumingly a good person then, and you can't have a debate or discussion over a beer or whatever, then that's pathetic.
So who is gae?
they prolly wanted something, or just started to care way too late
They weren’t stalking hard enough, it’s not enough effort
Yes let’s go with that 😆
I'm gonna be 60 this year and I'm aghast at what this country has become.
so... all of them? I don't need someone to breakdown his lies and bad faith arguments. Life's too short.
What? If someone wants to criticize me for the dumb and ignorant shit I said 20 years ago, go right ahead. I'll join them in their efforts because as I became more educated, I more easily saw how those views were toxic. I also put my (proverbial) money where my mouth is and actively tried to make a positive impact where I've been able to do that. People get criticized for the shit they said in the past because they try to defend it because in many cases, they never changed their beliefs or they never grew as people.
Right and the right wing conservatives cancel people that do horrible things like speak out against wars, protest social injustices, promote diversity and equity, and outright ban things they don't understand or like. Especially if it interrupts their mindless sports or beer drinking.
I still get irrationally angry when i think of her. My brain gets messy.
yeah I know I was too good for them
He thought his opinion was the only correct one and publicly made jokes with those who disagreed, it was unpleasant. I’m 29 and so is he, I don’t have patience to deal with someone who acts like a teenager. I sadly got to know him after years of friendship
What's shocking to me is that he, FOX, and their ilk are even allowed to continue spewing their misinformation. Folks really love their chosen mythology and there's nothing keeping the bullshit in check.
Its helped me in talking to my wacko relatives. It’s more entertaining than I made it sound but if it’s not for you that’s fine.
Nope...they just get cancelled by the wookies.
Thanks for coming out!
Sounds like a cunt. Cheers to a life without her.
Well that would be fair enough. I wouldn't criticise that. The issue there is them being obnoxious, not their opinion though. Third times a charm to justify yourself though. Always works like that when someones inherently wrong. Goes from, political opinion, to what's wrong with their opinion, to, not actually their opinion, how they went about it.
That's one of the things about our Free Speech, even idiots are given that right. What I like about it is it allows the bigots, racists, and other assholes to out themselves so I can avoid them like the plague. Unfortunately, critical thinking is in very short supply these days.
Fortunately, I've cut the whackos out of my life. I'm done with crazy.
But again, I'm not famous and the only thing I'd be famous for is because of what I survived. And other than like Al Franken, the only people who get "cancelled" for shitty things they've said and done in the past are those who try to defend those shitty things now by suggesting they were just jokes.
She was ill drink to that!
Fair enough? That both aforesaid entities were shown to be lying to their audiences should have more consequences than a buyout. Call me ole fashioned that way.
Defending themselves by saying it was 20 years ago like you?
What do you mean? Clearly you don't read what I wrote. Only conservatives tried to mount some sort of campaign against me because they seemingly wanted to make fun of cancel culture (and poorly). Conservatives and others tried to make false allegations on behalf of others, claim they were covered up due to government corruption, and then harmed as revenge for that and then expected that their acts should also be covered up because they think that's fair. When in reality, they were hiding something much much much worse than any false allegations. And then because of my tenuous connection to them, people doubted my credibility, including how I was traumatized because of how that group mercifully lies about anything and everything. As it relates to cancel culture, I have written about how cancel culture can occasionally be wielded by intelligence agencies and how that's problematic because it ends up diminishing the impact of their work. For instance, there were trends where there was opposition to the me too movement leveraging how conservatives were already mounting campaigns to minimize those campaigns. Unfortunately, I feel that my comments were misconstrued as being anti me too where in fact it's quite the opposite. Leaked information from classified sources gathered by foreign intelligence agencies creates dynamics that harm women and potentially limits the legal avenues survivors have in receiving justice.
People who write “hey” to people you hardly speak to on an annual or semi-annual basis, never to receive a response- why?
hey
What do you think of a virgin?
Not my favorite airline, but if the prices are cheap and the flight times are convenient I'd consider it.
I don’t really think about other people’s sex lives or lack thereof.
Context? I mean it's very different between a 5 year old virgin to a 40 year old virgin to virgin mobile or virgin airlines
I'm one of them but idc I'll have sex eventually
I’m almost 30 and still a virgin lol. I want to know
Overpriced, terrible service just don't sign up.
Human that hasn't de-virgin'd. No strong opinions one way or another. Doesn't reflect on personality.
Nothing. It's a thing and it usually ends at one point.
I think it's a person
I’m a virgin, so I guess I’m okay with them? Hahaha
why is my opinion of myself so relevant all of a sudden?
I don’t really think about it 🤷‍♀️I’m 25 and queer so it’s maybe a bit more common for queer people to be “virgins”? At a later age? I don’t have a source for that it’s just an assumption. Overall I don’t really think about it and I kind of think virginity is silly anyways as a concept
Depends on the person. Either they are saving themselves or they have been unable to have sex with someone so far. Don't really have any other thoughts
I don't really have any thoughts I know it will happen when I'm married
It’s a good option for people who want to avoid alcohol
I'm a virgin, so ehh?
Virgin poisoned our water supply, burned down our crops and brought the plague in our houses. also came to your country and voted for that party that you hate so much and thinks that your favorite movie is trash.
Don’t give a shit unless they are a dickead and then I’m like “ha! Virgin!”
I don't think about whether anyone is a virgin or not
fucking is better than not fucking
Virginity is a blessing and sex is a choice
Pure, young, loyal and smart.
Virgin Atlantic or Virgin Australia?
True
What the fuck is pure
Untouched/clean.
That sounds fucked up and sexy at the same time. How old are you
What brands of SmartTV can you watch without setting up an account, notifications, or otherwise get into a relationship with it?
What's an incident in the lockers room you just cannot get out of your mind?
In middle school, I colored my dick green on St Patrick’s day and showed everyone. That was the cringiest thing I’ve ever done
Taking a shower and two guys next to me just started making out - I mean like seriously making out!
What book changed your life?
To Kill a Mockingbird. Taught me valuable lessons at an early age - my moral compass when it comes to tolerance is owed almost entirely to how impactful this book was for me. The very idea that they BAN this book in school districts makes my blood boil.
The Dictionary, it's the greatest book of all time
the ethical slut
Atomic Habits
None
Into the Wild. I can't say it was for the better, but it sure made my life interesting for a while.
Speak
Society of the Spectacle by Guy Debord
3 Nephi 11.
The Bible
Harry Potter. I saw the movie when I was a kid and I was really struggling with reading. So when I saw the book after, I started reading it. Helped me learn to read better.
The Bible. I’ve read it cover to cover many times, and it’s still changing my life as more of it gets revealed to me (by which I mean I’m able to understand more of it).
Would you rather have a Chevy LLY Duramax or a Chevy el Camino and why?
An El Camino. It's Spanish for "the camino."
El Camino because they’re cool and different. The duramax is just another truck.
Reason I ask is one of them will be my first vehicle but I can't decide each have their pros and cons.
True. Everyone says to get a new vehicle but i just love the classics, then again I do love the sound of a turbo!
What two characters from two “ different ” universes would get along because of their personality?
Generic male shonen protagonist 57 and generic shonen best friend character 92
Clark Kent and Peter Parker
Thors (Vinland Saga) and Iroh (Avatar)
Captain Malcolm Reynolds and Colonel Jonathan "Jack" O'Neill.
Goku and Superman
Double posting here because really enjoy the question Also Marty Byrd and Walter White
Stark and Wayne... there would be no debating them if they meet
Goku and Luffy. That'd be so fun
Or generic male shonen protagonist 57 and generic male shonen protagonist 58
Why would you vote or not vote for Biden if he was convicted of shooting a man on 5th avenue?
I wouldn't. I'm not American so I'm ineligible to vote
I wouldn’t vote for him because I live in Alabama. Trump will win my state in the general even if he dies before the election.
Depends who he shot, though I assume if someone meant him harm, his bodyguards or more likely his dog would take them out first.
I don't even think there's enough gas in his tank for him to know how to operate a firearm at this point, so the question is moot.
If he is not lucid enough to be held respnsible for mishandling documents, then he would not be lucid enough to be capable of shooting someone, let alone be convicted of it.
If you had the ability to understand the minds of animals for a day, what kind of animal would you choose and why?
A cat! They’re so mysterious.
That lobster who sits in the corner of the tank by itself and just kind of stares at people. It's likely plotting a final escape attempt.
Dog cause i wanna know what they really think of their owners
Dolphin. I suspect they might be smarter than average human beings, I want to understand what they know about this planet
animals have a lower IQ than human. is it like trip for us to be one day an animal? serious question
What made you realize that people are selfish?
i’ve always known that people were selfish. it’s been demonstrated to me relentlessly.
At the end of they day they’ll choose to save themselves even if it means making the person you love look bad
people lying about me for their own gain
The pandemic. I worked customer service and the amount of times I got screened out because I told somebody to put a mask on is insane. I got screamed out that I was infringing on people's rights even though I was doing my job. There was also a guy who I worked with who didn't believe anything was real and that mask wouldn't do anything. The day that Donald Trump got covid he came in and was very blatant that he felt bad and was acting like he didn't just say the entire thing was fake. I ended up sending it home because I just didn't want to deal with it.
Seeing people throw trash all over the place when there's a trashcan right there.
Only some people. You realize they are selfish by their behavior. Likewise with unselfish people.
Working in a customer facing role
A trip to Costco
Finding so many negative people on Reddit
embarrassing you and showing that you are ignorant
Growing up and seeing the world as it is, not as I see it or how ideally I wish it was
It's inherent, but the full scope of greed was realized at my first job. Any company is powered by selfishness
OP, here's mine My father's wake was today and there were many people who promised me they were going to show up, but never did.
We are animals
for me my perspective on people really changed or maybe I just gained 50 years wisdom when I went through an extremely difficult divorce/custody battle in a foreign country. People are fake, think they're nice but really just care about themselves.
When you do favor after favor for them but they never do one for you
It's insanely easy to fix American politics. All it takes is for the people to pay just the slightest bit of attention and vote.
Anti-maskers.
People neglecting to vaccinate their children from deadly diseases (measles, polio etc) risking their own children’s lives is the ultimate act of selfishness
Reddit
Yes I've had this happen to me too, it's heartbreaking
I would also agree the pandemic really brought it out into the open
At Christmas
I'm sorry this had been your experience :( I'm in lots of subreddits with few trolls and mostly genuine people. I post a lot about my personal experiences here so I'm usually on off my chest
How do we reconcile the existence of suffering and evil with the concept of a benevolent deity or higher power?
Free will
Being self important and arrogant enough to believe such a being would take an interest in us
Inductive reasoning.
We live in a broken, fallen world. God gave us free will so we could choose to love Him. If He’d wanted a planet full of robots who were programmed to love Him, and didn’t have that choice, then it would be an empty, meaningless love. Unfortunately, we took that free will and ran with it. We (through Adam and Eve) broke the one rule God gave them. The consequences of that are death and destruction. But God still loves us, and wants a relationship with us. So He sent Jesus to die for us, and pay the price we never could. He rose again on the third day to prove He’s God, and so that we no longer have to fear death. Yes, God knew what we would do. He knew what He would do. All we need to do is accept Jesus as Savior, and we get Heaven. That’s what God wants, but He won’t force it on us. He allows us to choose what to do, and plans accordingly. Sorry this is so long, once I get started talking about God, it’s hard to stop!
What's to reconcile? Evil is a consequence of humans having free will and some of them choosing to do evil things. Suffering is a blessing. The great saints of history did not try to avoid undergoing suffering, but actively sought it out. If there is nothing you are willing to undergo suffering for, then maybe you should rethink your life.
Personally, I can’t. The amount of suffering in the world seems, to me, inconsistent with the concept of an all-loving god.
You turn to religion for answers, also known as brainwashing and indoctrination
While the concept of free will is often cited as a means to reconcile the existence of suffering and evil with the existence of a benevolent deity or higher power, it is not a sufficient explanation on its own. Firstly, the idea of free will presupposes that individuals have complete autonomy over their actions. However, this overlooks the various factors that influence human behavior, such as upbringing, environment, genetics, and mental health, which can significantly limit one's ability to make truly free choices. Additionally, the magnitude and scale of suffering and evil in the world seem disproportionate to any reasonable exercise of free will. Natural disasters, diseases, and other forms of suffering affect not only individual choices but entire populations, including innocent children and animals who cannot be held morally accountable for their actions. Furthermore, the concept of a benevolent deity or higher power implies omniscience and omnipotence, meaning that such a being would have the knowledge and ability to prevent or mitigate suffering and evil without infringing upon free will. If a deity or higher power truly cared about the well-being of its creations, it could intervene in ways that do not violate human autonomy. In conclusion, while free will may offer a partial explanation for the existence of suffering and evil, it fails to address the full scope of the problem and does not adequately reconcile with the concept of a benevolent deity or higher power. Additional factors and considerations are necessary to grapple with the complexities of this philosophical dilemma.
While the assertion that suffering and evil are reconciled by human free will and the potential benefits of suffering is a common perspective, several key challenges emerge. Firstly, not all suffering is chosen or embraced, as victims of natural disasters and innocent beings undergo undeserved pain. Secondly, the claim that suffering is inherently beneficial overlooks the excessive, senseless suffering that exists, undermining the notion that it should be universally embraced. Additionally, the moral responsibility of a benevolent deity is called into question, as the allowance of suffering challenges traditional conceptions of divine benevolence. Overall, while human free will and the potential benefits of suffering may offer some explanation, they fail to fully reconcile the existence of suffering and evil with the concept of a benevolent deity or higher power.
Did chatgpt make another reddit account
This looks like AI written essays 👀
> Additionally, the moral responsibility of a benevolent deity is called into question, as the allowance of suffering challenges traditional conceptions of divine benevolence. If suffering is a bad thing, this would be true. But given that saints have always regarded suffering as a blessing and sought it out, it would seem to be perfectly in accord with divine benevolence. Suffering is an essential part of the human condition. "There is no religion that doesn’t embrace suffering as integral to its teaching. Christianity deified it, with adherents wearing a symbol of torture as a symbol of their belief. Buddhism declares suffering its . Stoicism acknowledges suffering while rejecting its dominance, and modern philosophers such as Holocaust survivor Viktor Frankl wrote, “If there is a meaning in life at all, then there must be a meaning in suffering.” -- SOURCE:
What TV show would look amazing if played in theaters?
I watched those season 4 finale episodes of Game of Thrones during those AMC theaters limited release. those were fun af. that whole series would look epic af, same with House of the Dragon
infinity train's season 5 was originally meant to be a movie if I remember correctly. too bad this show got canceled.
Demon slayer
Parts of Stranger Things.
The flash
Masters of the Air/Band of Brothers/The Pacific
What's the most breathtaking place you've ever traveled to?
Corsica, took my breath away even though I was quite young. Still a clear memory of mine. Tremendous architecture and beauty. Also the birthplace of Napoleon.
Glacier National Park
Switzerland
El Nido, Philippines
What two characters from marvel and dc would get along because of their personality?
Captain America & Wonder Woman
Who’s your favorite DC hero?
Superman
Superman. I love how he has powers and just wants to help people simple. Not every character needs a tragic backstory to do good like yeah krypton exploded but he was a baby so he doesn't remember anything about it.
What would America be like if 9/11 never happened?
It's December 2000. Justice Kennedy breaks with the other 4 Conservatives on the Supreme Court to order a full recount of the Florida Election. It's discovered that Gore won. Acting on early intelligence, Gore orders Logan Airport in Boston locked down on the morning of 9/11. The hijackers are discovered, their plot revealed. Rather than invade Afghanistan, the US, with international pressure from Allies, through Pakistani intelligence, locates Bin Laden in Bora Bora, and slips spec ops in during the night, capturing Bin Laden and trying him and his associates openly in civilian US Courts. The PATRIOT Act never passes. Americans own their own data, and routine spying is curtailed. Social Security is put in a "lock box." The Bush tax cuts never occur. The balanced budget combined with the increased revenue allow for an unprecidented investment in renewable energy and energy efficiency in 2002. Solar tech ends up a decade ahead of where it is now. Companies like Enphase loom large on the market as Apple. Europe, never losing faith in the US, only grows closer ties. Without a heavy US pretense in the Middle East, Israel grows too nervous to elect Netanyahu for 30 years in a row, and instead moderates to live in peace beside its neighbors. After two Gore terms, the GOP realizes it needs to run someone less hawkish. They find it in a former governor of MA, Mitt Romney, who beats John McCain in the 2008 campaign for GOP primary. Meanwhile, in a three-way race, VP Lieberman holds onto the lead against Hillary Clinton and upstart Barack Obama on the Democratic Side. Lieberman – a much more conservative Democrat with a hawkish streak – also preaches corporate tax cuts much like Mitt Romney. Depressed Obama youth largely sit out the general election, and Mitt Romney handily defeats Lieberman in America's first Mormon vs. Jewish election. Romney, being a pragmatist, indexes minimum wage to inflation and enacts a national version of Romneycare that he did in Massachuestts. With Democrats only pushing the health plan to be more generous, we end up with a near universal healthplan that's considerably more affordable than what Obamacare got us. Romney, of course, also gets his tax cuts for the rich and corporate tax cuts. For the first time in over a decade, the deficit explodes. As the economy turns south, soon we realize that mortgages were built on a pile of sand ever since Clinton signed the CFMA of 2000, and the entire trillion-dollar derivatives market was garbage. Only this time the market starts from a higher place to fall. The 2nd Great Depression begins in October of 2010. It's too soon for a blue wave. But Mitt was doomed to be a 1-term President. After 2 years of 20%+ unemployment and free market policies doing nothing to fix it, America was ready for a new deal.
We'd have two really big towers right next to each other
Given 9/11 was the last and only time, though short lived in the grand scheme, that I saw and felt the country and its people fully united. It was a sad time but at the same time the unification of all was incredible - so had it not occurred I would not have ever seen that - and I am happy to never see it again if that is what it takes for us to come together as one.
Then today would be March 25 instead of March 24.
I wasnt alive to know the difference before and after, but more relaxed based on what Ive heard from people I know that were
Free. Once 9/11 happened and the Patriot Act was passed, it made it to where if the government thought you could be a terrorist then they could watch you and treat you as such. So if they think you are a threat they can just label you as a terrorist and the rest is history.
I don't think that much would change, 2 buildings would still stand, the patriot act wouldn't have been passed.....that's all.
Anyone saying “not much” is too young to remember what the culture and attitudes of Americans were like before 9/11. There was a huge cultural shift in priorities after 9/11 and people who previously had care-free attitudes or were apolitical were suddenly anxious and cared about US foreign policy. All the opinions you see today about US involvement in foreign countries or foreign conflicts didn’t exist in the 90s.
Exactly the same. They would have "been victims" of another "extremist attack" in the country with oil on duty to justify their military intervention and looting. Come in thousands with your drones....
Left wing paradise
Less overtly xenophobic and isolationist
Wow 😮
Is getting two towers full of civilians in a highly dense city, the Pentagon which also has civilian employees crashed into with civilian aircraft, with a fourth target that failed orchastrated by Islamic extremists not considered a terrorist attack that the United States was a victim of? Esspecially when to this day, people in the area are suffering from cancer due to the dust. Is a country not supposed to take issue with that? Unless we're talking Iraq which was a war based on Bush's lies of WMDs and ties Iraq had with AQ while Americans were still pissed about 9/11? Which I will call politicans out on all day for that bullshit, wasted lives on all sides for that. However based on your comment I'm assuming you think the US gov was behind 9/11?
Who’s your favorite DC villian?
Darkseid
Depends on the continuity like if it's dcau then lex Luther but if it's young justice then vandal savage
What are some idioms or phrases that you know?
Beat around the bush. Meaning to avoid saying what you mean, usually because it is uncomfortable. But i beat it while in a bush. Otherwise she will catch me with my binoculars spying on her through her window.
I’ve been doing IT support for decades and have met lots of idioms
Who’s your favorite DC character of all time?
Superman. I love how he has powers and just wants to help people simple. Not every character needs a tragic backstory to do good like yeah krypton exploded but he was a baby so he doesn't remember anything about it.
Who’s your favorite marvel hero?
Spiderman
Either Spiderman or scarlet witch
spiderman is the only shorta good one since he is the only relateable one.
Whats that one thing you learned and when you did your life improved?
Nothing is personal, so don’t take it that way,
You choose to be offended
Corny but the drying yourself off with your hand after a shower. Towel is much less wet and dries noticeably quicker.
I live by this too
That’s a good one!
What’s your favourite/the best Kendrick Lamar line from his song?
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015" - From the song "The Blacker the Berry," this line addresses themes of self-awareness, societal hypocrisy, and racial identity.
I know murder, conviction, burners, boosters, burglars, ballers dead, redemption, scholars, fathers dead with kids and I wish I was fed forgiveness.
DNA! Top 3 For me
Who’s your favorite marvel character ever?
The Sentry
Magneto
Iron man
Why?
Why?
His original Marvel Knights series spoke to me because I also struggle with addiction.
Who’s an actor/actress who needs to stop being in so many movies?
Nicholas Hoult. He’s an eyesore
Scarlett Johansson. I just can’t with her. Black Widow would’ve been better played by an actress who’s actually Slavic
How has the internet been ruined by ads and monetizing?
Ads
There are ads literally everywhere. You can't click a news story or a YT video without seeing an ad now. And what gets me are those videos where they interrupt a YT ad to show another ad.
It’s super difficult to find a genuine review from someone
I think you answered it lol
no. also keep in mind that at least to some extend they are a necessary evil since they give revenue to the sites that you are using for free. if a site is so full of ads that you can barely use it then I believe that the adds are more harmfull than usefull.
I can’t help but notice that things that used to be entertaining or interesting are so full of pop ups and ads and interruptions that it just isn’t fun anymore. I went on Pinterest to get some ideas and the app is totally worthless at this point. And forget about YT, as someone else said. Or reading a news article or looking something up. I realize people need to get paid, but can’t we go back to an ad here or there running across the bottom of the screen? Incessant ads and interruptions have ruined the internet - just my opinion, of course.
What level is your concern about how your nose hair appears to other people?
trim that shit dude, what the fuck ?
No concern at all. I cut my nose hair when it starts to irritate me.
0, I have a mustache and my gross nose hair just blends right in.
0 since I dont have any yet but when i do ill be concerned
I don’t care much cause i’m super short so I don’t think anyone can really see it haha
Only when people are shorter than me. Anyone taller can't see it anyways
0
Yes - use a cheap trimmer - they work great & don’t cause ingrown hairs
small scissor does the job, no need to go all up in your brain with the shit, that hair has utility and it's not visible if it's further up, just don't let your nose have it's own beard
When has a chance encounter with a stranger changed your life?
What are some things to do alone as an autistic introvert?
Video games
Play with the vacuum cleaner
Legos
Learn various hobbies and find one that sticks! Cross stitching, knitting, crocheting, painting, drawing, video games, solo board games, programming, math/programming challenges, mech keyboards, arduino, raspberry pi, speedcubing, wood working, gardening, bonsai-ing(?), origami... Idk I ran out of ideas ! Pick one, learn something new!
Cry, hit things, have a panic attack, cry some more, scream
What band or artist had a much bigger impact on music than most people realize?
John Lee Hooker
Hank Williams
U.S.: You want to send $3,000 quickly to a friend: what methods actually work without your account being frozen for suspicious activity?
It's only $3000... why would your account get frozen?
Do you know this friend in person and are you sure they're who you're sending the money to?
I think PayPal works for this. If your friend has set up their PayPal linked to their bank account, rather than their credit card, then the funds should go there directly.
I was just thinking this lol just send a wire or Zelle lol
Western union is still a thing, right?
Redditors, what's your favourite cartoon of all time?
Original Tom and Jerry
The Simpsons
Adventure Time. That cartoon was the background to so much going on in my life.
Gravity falls
Galactik Football / South Park
Spongebobs
Hey Arnold
. The most depressing, melancholy, philosophical cartoon.
The hunckback of Notre daime
Family guy
Classic Looney Tunes
Batman the animated series
Courage the Cowardly Dog
The Boondocks
Asterix and Obelix
I loved the first 4 seasons
What's the scariest dream you've ever had?
A creature with a chainsaw for a neck hugged people to death.
That i was in the actual room i’m sleeping in but I couldn’t get up
The time I dreamt I was a WW2 pilot that got shot down and was captured. Needless to say I now know I react poorly when believing im having a live gun pointed at me.
i dreamt my throat was slashed and woke up suddenly. when i put my hand to my neck it was all wet and i panicked. i turned on the light and really it was just sweaty and not bloody. phew.
I’ve dreamed that these mean teenagers broke into my house and ransacked it. They stole the big TV in the living room and nearly deleted all of the stuff on my computer and iPad.
How dangerous is Venezuela for tourists?
It's safest country in the world if you are not American
Well, I’m a Canadian so how would it be?
It will be safe if you don't use word "America" or "USA"
If you had the chance to spend an hour with any historical figure, musician, actor who would it be and why?
Jesus
Harry styles cause younger me was obsessed with him haha
What does the music people listen to tell you about them?
What kind of music they like.
their pop cultural identity. the current level of interests. a scope into their personality.
How important music is to them and what their taste is. That’s it.
I used to think a lot, but one of the smartest people I know only listens to the latest radio pop, and someone totally insufferable and selfish I know actually listens to a lot of cool metal. So it probably says nothing other than what music they like.
Other than what sort of music they like; nothing at all.
It tells me if they're the type of person who needs to be strangled
What do you mean by that?
I was joking. If the music is absolutely terrible and I'm forced to endure it.
What was the incident at your school (it can be anything)?
A fight happened inside the office and we got an announcement where they put the school into lockdown. The sounds of the fight made it sound like there was a shooter and everyone freaked out for no reason.
I was in 8th grade science class when a class mate blew her brains out in the girls bathroom down the hall. This was before Columbine.1998 I believe.
Being in the Capital City, any time the legislature brought up anything to deal with Abortion, some Extremist Religious Fanatic would call in a bomb threat and then all 21 schools in the Area had to be immediately evacuated.
Not me, but my neighbor's kids.... who are now grown adults. Anyways these were supposedly the "best" kids - honor roll, etc. at a school in a wealthy Connecticut suburb. They got to go to Model UN. They all decided to drink in their hotel room that night. It all got covered up because they were the top kids and so had connections to not let that ruin any of their grades, class rankings, college admissions, etc.
Gaming's Best Tracks: What songs/compositions would you have in there?
Deep stone lullaby
Need for Speed soundtrack
Tetris theme. Simple, iconic and instantly recognisable
Witcher series has pretty cool soundtracks, however one that I really like is
Anything by TheFatRat
The entire Uncharted 4 soundtrack is absolute fire. I sometimes listen to it when I go jogging and it makes me feel like an action hero running into battle
Nier Automata: Fortress of Lies Or basically anything from that game
LIVE TO WIN
from Prey and  from Dishonored spring to mind. Literally everything from Bioshock Infinite, but since they refuse to make gabillions by releasing the OST, maybe not gonna work here. Also, the TRVE Destiny 2 banger is .
brave. i thought nothing good ever came out of the destinty series. listening to it now.
which one?
Thanks to Borat.
gotta play it. problem is, I can never get through Witcher 1.
That one’s great but my favorite from Skyrim will always be Streets of Whiterun
>Ancient Stones from Skyrim.... So epic and legendary that I took it for granted. Only now noting the name thanks to your post. My 74 year old father knows the Skyrim soundtrack without having ever played the game. That's how epic it is. Question to the comments: Should I buy him that game for his Steam account and which version?
damn... another reason to force myself through this series. Thank you.
Live to Win is the second solo studio album from ) vocalist, guitarist and co-founder , released on October 24, 2006. The album's title track was featured in the  episode "", twenty days prior to the album's release. -Wikipedia Cool.
and i just added it to my playlist.
Great song. gotta play prey eventually. the new one.
Let me know what you think🙂👍
The complete version with all the dlc and add-ons
If you are not enjoying the older games, I can, tell you Uncharted 4 is very accessible to new players, so you don't need to play the previous games to enjoy this one!
epic, new age sentimental and nice. but obviously don't know the context.
steam link and full name would be useful.
I get it. I just want to play it from the first one, and I guess you need to emulate for that.
If you have a ps4 or ps5 you can play all the games on it. They remastered all of them so they all play at 60fps. If you have a ps5, Uncharted 4 also plays at 60fps and looks incredible.
aint got one. PC master race. so need to emulate for the first few games.
Damn, hopefully they port the games over one day.
What existed before the universe was created?
Keith Richards.
the previous universe
Cosmology expert here: The Big Foreplay preceded the Big Bang. Any other questions you need an answer to?
There's a theory that our universe was formed out of a black hole, and every black hole is a pathway to another universe.
Betty White.
It's been a while since I did relativity and I did not do well at it then, so take this with a whole heap of salt, but; From what I recall, the concept of before doesn't exactly apply here. Two relevant points for this are that time and space can be modeled as part of the same n-space. The moment the universe began is the moment it started to expand outwards from a single initial point. Prior to that there was no real dimensional space, and so, ostensibly, no time. Also; I am butchering the terms here in a way that would make my professors hate me, but the "reason" time moves forward is that you cannot move the universe as a whole from a more entropically favorable state (energy more widely distributed) to a less entropically favorable state (energy more condensed.) The moment of the Big Bang is pretty much the least entropically favorable it is possible to get; everything was all in the same spot. So there is, by that understanding, no possible "before" that moment, because there is no way for things to be less condensed than they already were. (If someone who hasn't forgotten almost all their classes can correct me on this stuff, please do.) Anyway, the thing to bear in mind is that space and time and et cetera are all vastly complicated things. We can only percieve very small parts of them, and because we cannot see the parts attached, they behave in ways that makes our brains hurt on a regular basis. In other words; there was nothing we can perceive or understand before the creation of the universe, but... that doesn't rule out much. We're pretty tiny! Which, honestly, makes it even more impressive how much we have figured out based on what little we can percieve.
Primordial soup of dying celestial leftovers and a whole lotta movement
Queen elizabeth
Willie Nelson and Twinkies.
As Roger Penrose says, there is no before. That’s a question that has no meaning. It’s like asking what’s north of the North Pole?
Try stepping outside that concept, and visualize that multiple universes existed parallel to each other even before 14 billion years ago of the one we are currently in, and that this might have been birth from a previous one.
Fred Flintstone
Energy & matter. No beginning no end.
Before anything existed, there was nothing. Before that, there were monsters.
A magical deity floating around in nothingness. He got bored one day and used his magic wand to yeet everything into existence.
That jeep across the street that hasn't ever been observed moving by anyone alive.
chuck norris
Sorry, but all this stuff does is show how limited our understanding really is, and always will be. Like, if there is a God like force out there (and a lot of scientists believe this), who created God? These are questions that kids have, but nobody can answer. Maybe there is no answer. Maybe, like a lot of kid questions the answer is mundane.
A ‘keep off the lawn’ sign
An infinitesimally small point containing everything ever.
Something else.
That is probably the wrong question. The universe encapsulates all, so by definition if something existed, it is in the universe
The universe. Just much, much, much, much, much smaller, and without any matter just energy
Universe is everything including "existence" however, its not certain. Maybe universe existed all along? Nothing created it. And nothing will completely wipe its existence. Its an eternal death and birth loop (or atleast thats what i think it is.)
Emptiness
A point mass, with zero volume and infinite density.
Eru Iluvatar and his Orchestra
"Before there was time, before there was anything, there was nothing. And before there was nothing, there were monsters."
I have no friggin' clue, but I would love to know the answer.
It's probably a concept that eludes our grasp, something so profound that even the strides in technology can't help us fully understand it. Imagine a video game character coming to the sudden realization that it exists within a game. This character becomes aware of its digital reality, yet it's powerless to grasp anything beyond its programmed world. Even if it somehow managed to peek beyond its coded confines, the scale of understanding required is beyond its capacity. This realization, however, is nothing more than a programmed response, designed to mimic awareness based on the infinite. It's a nod to the endless possibilities that have been intricately mapped out, existing within a boundless realm of probability.
What exists outside the edge of a painting?
Deez Nutz
Matter/energy always existed.
Trying to rationalize the existence of existence while we don’t even understand our own existence is irrational
Well not the universe
When you said "before", you referenced time. And time started with the creation of the Universe. But our brain is simply not wired to understand the concept of "no time".
Probably some older gen universal simulation tech got unplugged and we were plugged in.
As I understand it, “before the universe” is a non-sensical statement, because the phenomenon of time did not exist before the Big Bang. You cannot have a before time began, because the concept of before is tied to our perception of time. Not a cosmologist, but that’s the little bit I know of the current understanding of cosmology.
Everything, and also nothing. When? Now. But also back then, and in the future. Also never. Makes sense, right?
There was a guy sitting at a table.
Gravity
Monsters
Absolutely everything and nothing at the exact same time 🤯
Yellowit was alive before Reddit.
Keith Richards
bizarro world......my answer as good as any.
The Higgs field
You wouldnt understand the answer
The beta version
The creator
The bearded man in the sky. And there was an unbearded man before him, and another bearded one before them, etc.
A huge blackhole.
Aohm
Nice try, creationism.
A singularity
Old school Hostess hand pies.
The universe doesn't exist, and there is only you for eternity. Through boredom, you create a fake universe to pass the time, which is eternal.
The universe works in cycles of existence and non-existence just as we do. Everything condenses back down into a singularity until it expands again.
Queen Elizabeth. I guess she got tired of the BS around her so she popped the clock. This is meaned as a joke for laugher to to make fun of her.
The universe was not "created."
Self
St. Augustine, when asked what God was doing before he created the cosmos, said: "Preparing Hell for people who ask questions like this."
Multiple universes. When they contact each other, hello big bang. It’s happened multiple times. Maybe an infinite number of times.
Zero evidence
Your car’s extended warranty.
If the universe is infinite, then there never was a before. It has always existed and always will.
you mean before space-time existed? the answer is there was no space-time..you can't even use the word was, because it was not
ME!
God
A Nokia 3210.
Galactus
Nothing, Except my Sophomore English Teacher.
Something similar to a microwave. These are also what is outside the universe.
Korea
Pretty sure it was a Wendy's.
God
don't know, let's ask chuck norris
I did.
The Dao
Dennys
And five cockroaches, all left over from the last go around. "I smoked your uncle, did you know that?"
Man 🤣
If there are multiple universes, could there be a universe where the laws of logic don't apply?
The big climax is going to be something to behold
YES. What is The Big Foreplay?
What was that first black hole, and where did it came from, and then what came before that thing that created that black hole? The concept of “first” is what humans want to know, because as of now no theory makes enough sense
Thank you for that excellent explanation. I'm not trying to be a PITA, but what caused the universe to move outward from that single point?
Is this something from Genshin Impact?
This universe possibly created when physicists tried recreating the conditions that led to the “big bang”
Something something sky fairy
And Keith Richards
no. the laws of logic are multi-universal.
Lets hope she doesnt fake it
Looks like it's time for a talk with your parents.
We can't know. There's a comprehension of 'start and finish' engrained in our brains that we can't break, but the universe doesn't necessarily run on that logic. Time has no start and finish, but we try to give everything boundaries. The only two options are that there was nothing, and then 1 tiny particle speck of something became everything, or there was nothing, and then some other larger than the universe being (who we would then have the same questions of it's origin) created the universe. Neither make any sense, and neither can be proven with anything outside of "believe us, a lot of stuff points to it, and we ignore anything that doesn't."
The quest to the first cause might be a futile one.
sneaky bastards
There was nothing over there and nothing over here. They crashed into each other and made something.
Most likely
What do you (non-sexual) fantasize about? If anything?
Relocating, having a house, and retiring to one day sit on the porch and watch nature go by.
Being well off enough to not have to carefully budget to eat
I want an apple shaped like a pear
Having multiple bodies that I can switch between at will. Robotic bodies, cybernetic bodies, alien bodies, animal bodies, fat bodies, fit bodies, male bodies, female bodies, what ever suits my mood at the moment.
I like to torture myself with the what if’s. What if I had listened to my gut that night, what if I had gotten off the train and gone home like it was telling me to, and just not gone to that house? What if I had never been assaulted that night, I’d have no head trauma or hearing issues? Where would I be without those 13 hours of bloody hell haunting me like a morbid black balloon tied to my wrist? I would still have my son, probably the same house too, I would be able to drive still, I’d be done with college and already teaching English like I’ve always dreamed about doing. Hell, I’d have my masters at this point, teaching mythology and British literature at some college, not Shakespeare though, fuck Shakespeare. Yeah, I don’t think I have any fantasy’s that aren’t what if’s…
Making an good webcomic, but I procrastinate a lot and never finish an story. I would love to make an good webcomic whit an nice story and see people making fanart of my oc's.
Holding that special someone, and having her hold me back just pure intimacy.
Everything will be ok.
Shooting paintballs at this one guys face. Hope it’s the worst pain that fuckers ever felt
being in a concert hall usually it always leads to some weird daydream tho
Every Eminem album on vinyl, cd, and cassette, including all greatest hits, soundtracks, group albums, and compilation albums.
Owning a home, having enough disposable income to do the hobbies I want to do (classic cars, hot rod, cosplay, anime figures) Moving into the countryside
Having a lot of money.
The ability to communicate with reptiles.
Singing on stage. I was a musician until I took a lack of actual talent to the knee. I'm still a rockstar in my car though.
meeting my gf
I fantasize about a world where people come before money and vanity
Having a garage set up only with racing sim cockpits and fighting game cabinets
Building a house in the woods near my grandmother and her family. I always wanted to ever since I was a child, but the dream has gotten less and less feasible over time.
I want to cuddle with a male lion
Having a beautiful cottage in England that looks like it came out of a magazine and enough money that all I have to do all day is bake and read.
Petting a raccoon.
Winning the lottery and moving my family to a nice house, in a much better area.
Eating like how it seem everyone else does, I have IBS and gastritis so my diet is very strict.
Solving the worlds problems
Rounding the Horn
Preaching on different subjects
Just hanging out with a girl - talking, laughing. But I have the personality of a boiled potato, so that doesn't happen.
Living on my own instead of with roommates. And getting a cat when I move.
Being president and becoming a tyrant so I can throw out the career politicians, rewrite the USA's laws to make more sense, change up the education system so its worth something, and establish a strong welfare system to those who actually need it. Then when it's all said and done, hold an election with me not in it and give it all back to the people. Then just go retire.
I'm the king of games
Lying next to someone, looking up at the ceiling, and just talking about stories!
Peace of mind( I'm can be a nervous wreck at times)
Having enough money to retire right now, and spend the rest of my life trawling, enjoying my hobbies to the fullest, and just living a life.
Murder
Non-sexual ? Nothing.
Where I would be right now if I hadn't lost the use of my legs at 15. I mean, I can walk now, ten years on, but I had so much taken from me in the meantime. Still kinda scrambling to pick up the pieces 😅
I fantasize about fascism becoming a shameful option
Saying just the right thing at just the right time.
Telling my friends and family they ain’t gotta work no more
Comfort
Being a werewolf brandishing an MG-43.
Being a multi millionaire.
Video games
Fire an M107 barretta sniper
Retiring one day while I'm still young to be able to get out and enjoy my money. I am on a good trajectory right now, but anything can happen. I live well below my means and save 50% of my paycheck, split between investments and a high-yield cash account.
Trophy elk walking through the trees about 15 yards away during bow season.
Ballin out, like rapper Kevin Gates ballin out! That would be so sick rollin through my town, drippin diamonds, pushing some 250,000 dollar car the 2,000 dollar jeans, rockin a 5,000 dollar outfit, 100,000 dollar watch a bad bitch in the front seat, playboy hot, rollin by people who shit on ya like how you like me now? Screaming you to broke to stand next to me.
Having a career in my favourite field of biomedical research where work is fun and I feel like I can make a difference then coming home to a pretty gf and our three dogs!
could I realistically build a functional steam engine if sent back to the roman empire?
Releasing my music
Food
Real life stats
Sleeping in
I always fantasize about building a really cool house. Like using reinforced concrete for a really solid foundation and then using steel so that the house can support a whole lot of weight. Just building something that will last a really long time and be really easy to maintain and change things. Not a place for showing off, but a place that can really be lived in.
Having someone to have brunch with every weekend
I fantasize how life could of been different had I made the other choice. I fantasize about living and being from different areas. I fantasize about time travel and living in different times
Retirement, making knives in our garage
Having my own space ship with everyone I like on it, just traveling through space but we’d all be immortal. Basically I hate being here and leaving this planet to travel aimlessly through the darkness of space for all eternity sounds more appealing than this life.
Sometimes when I'm listening to music, especially something heavy, I imagine epic high stakes battles between whoever or whatevers on my mind. Sometimes its people in my life as superheroes, sometimes its characters from a show I'm watching, sometimes its characters that I've created myself. I do it so often it makes me want to get into animation so I can choreograph my imagination to the music i love lol. But in all honesty, animation seems like an impossible mountain to climb, for one i can't even draw.
I don't know if this counts (And people will probably call bullshit on this but here goes.) I don't usually ever dreams but when I do, it's usually a part of something I like to call the dream saga. Basically it's just dreams that have a stroryline. Right now, it is kinda like a mixture of anime and the legend of Zelda (the funny part is I don't watch anime) I don't know why this is hapening. But Recently it's been taking more of a deltarune/undertale story. I don't know why, it happens like once a week. I need answers. Please help
Big Macs
A better life.
Living in a house, enough money to be comfortable, a car, and a social life.
Coming into a large sum of money, the method changes from time to time. Quit job, build house on acreage somewhere. Hide from the world. Hang out with my cat all day.
Making a living off writing books
Liking my own writing and being confident in my story ideas.
Having a good gaming pc
Living in Hawaii with enough (don't have to be rich) money to not stress
retirement
Becoming incredibly wealthy just to ensure all my family and friends are financially secure then helping out charities and also opening up centers that help kids develop their skills if academia isn't for them. I would of course buy myself a big house with a waterslide from my bedroom to the downstairs but mostly the generosity.
Having10 billion dollars. Not sure why that specific amount but there it is.
traveling to new places and experiencing adventures
If my brother was still alive
Being alone. Just like in a small place in the middle of nowhere with all the supplies I need and just nobody around.
When I was younger I had a lucid dream where I was able to morph all of reality into whatever I pleased. I had this lucid dream 2 nights in a row and I felt like god during them. I have not lucid dreamed since and would love to be able to again 1 day. I fantasize about the perfect sleep that will allow me to dream like I once did when I was 10 years of age
Getting my own droid army. The world is afraid of Putin because he is unpredictable. Here, hold my beer.
How I'd redistribute the wealth if I won £100m on a big lottery win. How much my garden plants will grow this year.
Honestly just having a fulfilling life. I’m only 20 but I think about having loads of friends, having a big family, making tons of memories, and traveling a lot as I gradually get older
Owning a big yacht. With a dedicated crew member to keep my G&T topped up.
End of the world/apocalypse cenario where I risk my life to save my family.
World domination
What life would be like if my kids weren’t autistic.
Winning the lottery
DIY projects/ shopping Then I think about whether or not your mom has made us dinner 😂
The death of the monster that broke me as a child.
I fantasize about my own show that I would like to make and random scenarios that characters. Most of them are from games or shows.
Living in a big cabin in the woods somewhere. A nice wrap around porch, sitting on a swing with my man drinking a coffee and smoking a blunt watching the river just floowwww.
Winning the lottery
What I'd to if I won the lottery. Also being the main hero or important person in various exciting stories or scenarios.
Leaving the US, having a more stable life with my fiancé, living a simple life in peace.
Becoming a lawyer, be successful, settling down, and to have a big brown Newfoundland dog
Ice cream, with warm chocolate topping.
Being rich
Sometimes, I'll hear a song/piano piece that is clearly above my current level of abilities and I'll fantasize about singing or playing it perfectly in front of a large audience. &#x200B; Then, I get back to practicing.
Being able to do backflips and 360s while skiing ... hopefully I'll get there someday
Letting myself be loved and loved without any fear restraining me. And also having one of those shelves that serve as a door and hide a room, preferably a nice cozy library Either of those would be much appreciated
Zombie apocalypse lol
Having my own condo in the city.
Where did my country mess up…?🇭🇺😔
What it is like to not have a mental illness.
Working for my dream body
Living in a place like Sweden or Norway. North America is scary
Taking over the world! Pinky and the Brain style
Lottery with enough money that me or kids and grandkids won’t have to worry about having an upper middle class life style.
Superhuman powers. So nothing actually obtainable lol
Living on a sailboat.
I want to be happy. I want to feel anything. Joy, fear, stress, pain. It doesn't matter. I want to feel once more like I'm alive, like I have life, like it's not just great done sandbox what I can't leave. I don't remember any single action what's great enough to remember to this point.
Being able to adopt multiple children. I know it probably wont happen with me being disabled and not having a spouse, but i can always dream
Financial freedom and karma
The day that my dad is no longer stupid with his money. He's almost 60, so I don't know if that will ever change.
Sleeping all day usually.
Being happy with myself
Mastering a manual transmission and modding a car to my own personal liking.
Being respected, valued, loved, and honored in a manner that aligns with my core values and morals
Money trees.
Having a day to spend time with tha dude and sometimes listen and sometimes say things and just coexist together
Figuring out a way to become a millionaire with passive income
Having a stable, high paying job, owning my own house, living alone, eating super fancy and expensive food at a restaurant I can't pronounce, and flying first class.
Gimli's insane lung power in The Two Towers. Have you noticed how long he keeps blowing the horn without taking a break? and right after running up all those stairs too. Amazing
Being rich
Winning the lottery
I fantasize about what my escape plan is if I ever win the lottery. I also like to fantasize at work what I’m going to be cooking for dinner that night.
Buying an island nearby, it’s only like £1.5M, if I won the lottery that would be the first thing on my list
Winning the lottery or having superpowers.
Owning a home and decorating my own space.
Remote work
I don’t really know, I have suffered a lot in my life. So much so, I have started to fake smile, after all you should always look happy.
Relocating to a small island and doing a ton of scuba diving.
Living in a nice apartment with a few fluffy cats, not having to worry about my anxiety or income
Having real friends and a girl that loves me like I love her 😢
Being a billionaire
Singing my favorite song atm on stage in front of everyone.
Driving the highways of my state (Alaska) in a 30s-40s pickup with a thin cigar in my mouth and my arm out the window in June.
Wealth, travel, not having to work.
Becoming a successful solo metal artist
Not HAVING to work, but CHOOSING to
Having a happy marriage and family life
:3 murder
FIGHT TO THE DEATH ROOOOOAAAAAARRRR
My go-to imagining is magically being 18 again, but knowing everything I know now, and how differently I would do things. It's something I run through my head when I'm trying to fall asleep or waiting in a line or in traffic, stuff like that. It's kind of fun.
I’d like to own a business specializing in physical media! With a dedicated show space
Being pregnant and cuddling in bed and watching movies with the man I love. Part of me knows I'll never have that life, and it makes me sad.
Having super powers, almost daily I still try hoping one day something will happen 🤣🤣🤣
these are very mature answers i fantasize about being stuck in an elevator with international super boy band BTS and forming lifelong friendships with them
Homesteading on a big ranch in the middle of nowhere.
Making animations
I don’t know why but I’m constantly fantasizing about giving birth. I’m trying so hard to understand why. I have no kids but I swear it feels like a memory, like I’ve lived it. But I think it’s just because I’ve played it in my head so much.
After I watch a really good show, I always fantasize myself as a character in that show, idk why.
Oddly.. being a milder version of a house wife bimbo. And Watching my kid graduate and figure out their next step, then selling everything and get a really Nice house on wheels.. and just go. Beach for 3 weeks? Sure. Mountains for two months? Sure. Whatever want to do just go and do.
buying a home with a garage
Being able to buy something without having to check my bank account first
Having an obscene amount of money & living carefree
Money
Having a family, being with someone who is both brave & a good person, and teaching my kids about compassion & how to overcome struggles the world may throw at them for choosing to be good. They say the sins of your ancestors pass onto you and your children. I think I can help them beat all of it, whatever it all might be for them. Not by hand holding. By being able to know what my lineage was not able to know, and, passing on knowledge.
Never working again
Having a bathroom I could fall down in without hitting my head on something.
Tacos 💯
I fantasize about being happily married and serving my husband, our family.
Buying a hobby farm. I live fairly rural but in a town, I want to live on a forty acre piece of land with chickens and a huge garden and ride my quad wherever the frick I feel like.
Being able to support myself and my family with a comfortable life without constantly going into debt.
Feeling happy. Having a partner and trusting that they love and accept me. Affording life. Actually relaxing. Being happy with who I am.
A starship to travel the Solar System. Enterprise class With gravity and a nice carpet.
Owning a business
Solving poverty or causing world peace
Winning the lotto, giving half of it away to friends and family and be available to just like. Leave $1000 tips. Putting $100 bill in random diaper boxes at rhe store. Paying off random gas/electric bills that are due to be shut off. Giving money to women's shelters, animal shelters, food banks, etc.
Beating the shit out of my MIL...could get gory.
Getting better at drawing..and German lmao, also learning Spanish
A little cottage outside of an English village with enough land to have a garden. I get the majority of my blood from England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales and I think that's what calls to me from the UK.
This'll sound super lame. But being Isekai'ed into a world with magic and I'm super over powered. I'm a thirty year old man and I've never told anyone this lol
No work, more hobbies Well I guess hobbies can be work, but I meant without the 'grindiness' of work
Owning a little roadside cafe/bakery thing in the countryside, while my children run around in the yard behind said cafe, and my house is upstairs.
Traveling and even moving to other states and even other countries. I wanna experience something other than Texas for once in my fucking life.
Death, for some reason.
Succeeding at something. Feeling safe.
Having a high rise condo in the city, not working, or my personal favorite: when my kids are grown.
Being happy. Like actually happy
Not having to work.
Bills paid on time. No debts. Work-life balance. Enough money to go travelling once in a while. Enough money period. Finding a partner I am comfortable around with.
Superpowers. It’s a mental exercise.
In 2009 I was in a bad car wreck and got a $10000 dollar settlement. I seriously considered putting all of it in bit coin but instead I took a trip to England. It would be worth billions. I day dream about that what if almost everyday I drag my ass to work.
Going to festivals, skiing, winning in lotto, being happy.
Making a massive, positive impact in other peoples lives. Especially from the perspective of running a company. Nice cars, beautiful home, good educations for my kids, experiences. The usual
Golf. This happens more than I care to admit.
Trump going to prison for life
Having a home and feeling safe.
Being genuinely happy and rich, very rich.
going to therapy when i can afford it (no health insurance) and finally getting my shit together for real
holy roman empire
Landing a very specific client for my strategic advising firm
I dream of the day my car is built and restored to how I want it
Living by a small lake live off the fat of the land. Raise rabbits. I get to raise the rabbits.
Having a small house on a plot of land away from the city, and someone to share it with. Having the someone is more important though.
Having somebody, who isn't family, to love. We just take turns laying our heads on the others lap and rubbing their head, maybe a bit of gentle head scratches. Cuddling comfortably while watching a movie or show. Complimenting each other and just overall enjoying each other's company. Being single is fine and all but for me, personally it feels like there's a void, video games, books, toys, drawings, pizza, and music cannot fill it.
Having money
If my dream of becoming a fighter pilot would become true if I didn't let my psycho ex stop me and ruin half my life. Also selling everything I got and take a wild chance and move to Australia/new Zealand. Try start a new life like that
everything getting better
The absolute, unassailable power to wreak terrible violence on people I believe deserve it. Real Homelander stuff; just slowly and implacably marching towards my target of choice, whereupon I reduce them to a fine mist, preferably in a way that's televised. I think about lots of other stuff too, but this is the one that I think meets the spirit of the question; I think that in reality, anyone having completely unstoppable power to publicly assassinate people they think deserve it would be horrific. Perhaps especially if it was me; I don't make any pretenses about being a perfectly rational actor, and often not even mostly. But sometimes I think for a while about what the world would be like if a precedent was set that, if you commit horrific crimes against humanity, I am going to come and get your ass and there is nothing that can be done to stop me. A world forced into peace by the awareness that egregious abuses of power would immediately receive a very final lesson in what it's like for someone to have that power over you. The most fantastical of fantasies. But it helps, sometimes, when the news of the day is especially heartbreaking.
The American dream. Must have been nice.
Having a happy family
Never having to work again......
Joining a roving troop of minstrels
I just wanna be held man...
The end of racism and sexism. That the people who demean others based on skin color or sex would be swallowed whole by giant sinkholes.:)
Casting Spells such as fireball
Finding a better job which also pays more. Finding true love.
1. Having a house of my own 2. Rich enough to book a business class in a flight
Being able to retire some day and not be in a state of destitution or die shortly afterwards
Being rich. Moving back to Hawaii.
Affordable healthcare, housing, and a job that doesn't make me want to kill myself.
Owning a botanical garden where I live
Retirement
Nature. If I'm feeling anxious and I have the time, I'll imagine myself in a wood I know well, or on the shore of a beach I've visited before. I often like to imagine hikes. This is only slightly better than the real thing, because I can walk through the tall grass without paying mind to any ticks.
I’m imagine my partner coming out of jail and also coming out of the fog of acute psychosis. His eyes are his again and we hug and kiss and cuddle all night.
Wealth, influence, complete lack of accountability
Since I was about 10 I have had a recurring dream where I wake up in the morning and everyone else is just gone. No bodies. No explanation. Just gone. The older I get, the more disappointed I am when I wake up and everyone is still here.
Being free of wasted effort, being held, dancing around and singing and being silly with people, flying, legitimate connections, feeling appreciated, anyone ever wanting to be active in any part of my life, and more flying
earning enough to be able to provide for my parents so they don’t work anymore, bc they always had 2 jobs each and I’m sick of seeing them tired all the time and looking way older than their age and they only earn enough for food and bills.
Being financially stable having a beautiful wife and kids with a big remote property with a few dirtbikes and other toys
Leaving the rat race behind once and for all
Eating.
Peace. for myself not like the world or anything, I’d love to be casually walking through the woods near my future mountain home not a care in the world
Moving to the middle of nowhere with my wife and kids to a house on a river that my kids can play in. Grow my own food and not worry about the problems of the world.
Not being in debt.
A truck that's reliable
Dolphins winning the Super Bowl.
winning the lottery
having a life free of hardships
Camper van. 4x4. Solar panels etc.
Have a house near a river.
Idk maybe a hug would be nice
Telling my boss what I really think of him.
Living on the order of thousands of years and seeing the far future of humanity
Money, superpowers, happiness
Money, superpowers, happiness
Being financially free and owning a home paid off. With an enjoyable career.
drinking. got a real specific craving for this white peach liquor but i can only get it in germany 💀
Wealth for my family and my future.
The Roman Empire
Being loved in a romantic way instead of sexually. I want a girl who will give me forehead kisses and tell me I'm enough.
being loved back
Setting all of my bills to auto pay and not worry about not having the funds available.
Going to work and not hating my job. I'd just like to do something I feel good about and not have to live in poverty to do it.
Eat something without my wife asking for a bite.
Call me a sociopath or psychopath but I fantasize about getting revenge on everyone who did me wrong in my life. Like life ruining shit that would make them suffer. Hey at least I’m honest about it. And yes I do have a list of about a half dozen shitty human beings who would totally be deserving of what they got coming 🤷‍♂️
I want to build a successful YouTube channel surrounding my Van life and I want to go forest to forest. I love the forest.
I hope you can have that one day. Sounds nice.
This is my fantasy but I’m retired in my 40s. At this rate, that’s not happening :/
See you there!
Well, go for it! Don't know where you live but is should be possible! :)
A rounder, apple shaped pear would be neat.
Like an Asian pear?
They exist! I’ve eaten one.
Like ghost in the shell. That would be pretty cool.
It's not my right or my place to try and console you. I don't think there's anything an internet stranger could say. But I'd like you to know; I'm so very, very sorry it happened. And I dearly hope that one day soon the what-ifs will be crowded out by a what-is that brings you joy.
Miss me with that total fantasy shit, you might as well have asked for a unicorn that pisses rainbows and farts dreams.
Good luck
I'm sure the worst pain someone can feel is burying their own child.
cool
Can't wait for the next album.
lizard king
r/unexpectedskyrim
That's very doable
You can do that...once.
So just a lion then. Female lion is a lioness :)
You can do it. It takes a couple months to earn their trust. I had one I used to feed by hand and watch tv with every night when I was 18
What type of horn?
Wait never knew there where good tyrants.
Fair
Thanks. Me too. Nothing like sitting outside with a book/e-book while it's storming around you...
Working on it! It's just... very slow going. But as the saying goes, "Nothing that's worth doing is ever easy."
He’s not a parent as far as I know(hopefully)
Been staying up till midnight every Friday for the last 4 years is starting to pay off
Yeah. They have the fluffy manes
They really like peanut butter sandwiches I learned lol.
The south American one, in a clipper.
If you become a tyrant, you can make whatever laws you want. that's your country. Fuck what everyone else is saying. Maybe crank up your wages a good bit so you can have enough money to just retire in peace once you're all done. (Like... A month's wages of all the unnecessary federal departments you could axe.) You'd cause mass unemployment for a while, but regulate the market to be competitive and those jobs will build up real fast. Tax everyone properly and work with like-minded economists to close tax loopholes. Reformulate the education system so people can graduate high school ready for jobs that would otherwise need a college degree in this day in age. Do so by using advancements in technology to make learning easier. Instill the importance of a voter-based system and why everyone should at least participate in it to keep things good. Dismantle the jail system to no longer allow the use of free or cheap labor from prisoners. Honestly I'd just probably dismantle the 'state laws' systems and instead just have representatives from those states decide the laws nation wide (Voted in of course). The list goes on
Better slow then having it fast and sitting on your porch thinking what now.
I was pretty pissed at someone the other day, and came close to telling him that I hope his father has the pleasure one day of burying him.
What is the last thing you would want to touch before you leave this world?
David Duchovny
My son’s hand.
A ton of "flour", with my noose
Myself. For serious though, my dog. One last ear scritch & boop
Shakira's areola.
Sand.
A hedgehog
The big red button that launches all the nukes
The hands of loved ones…🤷‍♂️
My loved ones.
one of those fluffy carpets you walk past in the homeware store that feels so soft you have to take a moment to go back and touch it again
Woman
random and yet... understandable... and this is coming from a straight guy
I second this
I love him
Hank / Fox / both ?
Oh yes, both. Let's throw Sam Hodiak in there, too.
googled that name... Aquarius remained on my watchlist since forever... maybe its time I'll give it a go... I was put off by reading it didn't end and was cancelled and I don't go on a watch on those terms
Oh my god; it's so good!
What complement did you say about someone's nude body of either the same or opposite sex?
I was laying in bed with my wife nude this morning and complimented her without intent exclaiming how luck I was (am) because she is absolutely incredible. I touched her from her calves up to her head and literally said “this” at different stopping points either a subtle pause and soft squeeze at all the complimentary and delicious points.
Told my guy that if I had a dick I’d want one that looked like his.
Don't know if it counts but the first time we did it he was a little embarrassed that he didn't shave his body but I said I was into hairy men and he was happy.
Was in the locker rooms last week and complimented a guy about how broad his shoulders were looking. Costs nothing to be kind eh
What's something sex-related that is specifically associated with your country or nationality that the world should really be aware of?
How do you make friends as an autistic person?
I try to be social and a positive force and just meet people. Just going to parties and having interesting conversations and finding like minded people.
Same way you make friends as any other person. Do things you enjoy and meet like minded people.
Honestly Its difficult. Especially now that I'm 34. In my 20's I used to be a raver and party and so it was easier that way when I was on substances that loosened my inhibitions. Now sober and too old for all of that nonsense, Ive withdrawn quite a bit and get lonely sometimes. When I do manage to exchange a number, I'm so nervous about it I don't ever contact them so things just kind of fizzle out. I been thinking of finding some neurodivergent meetups.
Explore hobbies, and seek out like minded people Any autistic persons associations?
i made a few friends at school, and then work. I have found it hard to keep friends as i'm not good at staying in touch over the years. Never been one to have lots of friends.
What's your first ever major memory?
Waking up this morning.
major memory? I don't understand this question. my earliest memory is walking to the living room as a kid, behind the couch.
The earliest thing I can remember is playing with a toy trans-am in the trailer my parents had when I was little. I remember jumping it from the counter to the couch and then down to the chair at the end of the living room. I absolutely loved that car.
Peacefully swimming in utero and then all of a sudden WTF??
The oj police chase
Sitting on carpeted stairs in someone’s split level home watching my family whisper and cry after my grandfather passed away. I was like 2 1/2yrs old. It’s just flashes and emotions? I remember feeling confused, they hadn’t actually told me I don’t think it was suicide and my mom was pregnant with my brother. I didn’t know why everyone was sad or why I couldn’t go to the funeral or what that was.
What was so major about it?
I assume it was major, it's the first thing I remember.
How do you think you compare mentally, physically, and financially to your peers?
Mentally well, Physically mid, financially quite well. Socially? Moving to your home town after graduating and only getting to see your good friends once in a blue moon isn't wonderful. But you do learn to re-adjust. Just takes time
Mentally about the same, maybe a bit better. Physically, both good and bad. Financially, not good
Poorly. I'm terribly unfit, my ability to budget and manage my money is essentially nonexistent, and I suffer from depression, and what I feel is a lack of mental adroitness or flexibility.
Mentally nothing special. I've found a niche I excel in but I'm not a super genius or anything. Physically I'm in decent shape for a working dad in his early 30s, that's about it Financially I'm comfortably off thanks to my career. Not rich by any stretch but I'm managing to put money aside every month after bills, which is more than a lot of people are able to do in this economy.
Physically there mentally aware and financially a square.
Your peers are not the population as a whole or even the population the same age as you, but people that are quite like you in background, socioeconomic status, etc. So they should be quite similar to you in all the ways you listed.
What was your realization you had to end things with someone you liked because mentally you weren’t doing well? (Men’s perspective)?
What do you think about the war Ukraine and Russia?
Nukes are taking too long
One of the wars of all time.
France needs to march on Moscow again.
So it looks like if there was ever going to be a decided victor, it would've happened in the early going...That window has long since passed Just move on to the War Treaties/Negotiation Ceasefire Agreements already.
With the terrorist attack in Moscow this weekend, not looking too good in the coming days
Haven't heard much about it lately. Media got bored of it
It's about the same as Gaza-Israel in the sense that there is historic conflict between the people of these areas that has been reignited by an action that clearly shows one side as the aggressor towards the other, not that it really matters who broke the truces in either case. I will say that as an American raised to fear Soviet Russia, there's an odd sense of peace I have with my tax dollars going to kill Russians, but that's just me.
I hope Putin falls out of window soon
I wish it would end already. My dad is from the Ukraine, and it’s slowly tearing him apart, seeing his home country slowly destroyed.
it's bad
it is a black and white war. russia bad, ukrainiane good.
It just like the other wars going on right now are giant cons advocated by elitist world leaders for an excuse to enact accountability free genocide to thin the human population.
It is impossible to come to an agreement with Russia; they violate all agreements and don’t care about the law. it's like negotiating with North Korea
Do you think Ukraine did this?
Ukraine defends its territory
Today, Poland sent it's Airforce to intercept a Russian missile sent over it's territory meant to attack Ukraine. To quote a popular TV show. " Winter is coming". It is only a matter of time.
so what is your proposal then?
People are saying it’s ISIS but I have a few issues with that. Number 1 is anytime a terror attack happens, they claim it was them. One example would be the LA Shooter in 2017. Number two, on the same day of the attack there was Google reviews coming out about the hall where it took place. I will link a photo of it. This isn’t their M.O. Edit: Link -
Poland has been doing this for a long time. Ever since the time when a rocket fell on their territory
the world must stop fearing Putin and give Ukraine the weapons it needs, namely long-range missiles. Russia must be punished then and China and North Korea will not want to start a new war
I think Putin did it, this is not the first terrorist attack that Russia has carried out on its territory in order to justify the war. The same Nord-Ost and Ryazan sugar
You do realise that Poland is in NATO. This isn't about Poland. Nations are getting ready for war. Don't know what country you are from but Europe is getting ready for war. France, Germany and the UK are saying nothing but I will stake my life on it, they are getting ready.
Putin is already attacking Ukraine through. There has been a war for over a decade now. It doesn’t make sense to attack your own people and have people post comments like that so you can… attack it more? Edit: is it so far fetched to believe Ukrainians planned this from the inside?
For those that wildly speculated on Kate Middleton theories, how do you feel about yourself now? (but what was the funniest) why ?
What If Batman wanted to take over our earths world? Our world with no powers? Could he?
He would probably do it through money and politics tho. Minimal fist fighting if any.
Batman is a billionaire genius who knows karate. So, yes?
If they are no heroes to stop him, I think he could
He has enough money he could just get elected President and take it from there.
batman wouldn't have plot-armor in real life, so the answer is no. in general batman is a silly consept if you think about it. he is trowing boomerangs on people with guns and somehow manages to win.that would never work in real life, he is lucky that his enemies are bad at aiming or forget to use their guns. I watched a video with a "fight" in the crossover between batman and static shock; all batman and robin were doing for most of the "fight" was just running around so the villains will beat themselves. one guy got punched in the face and instantly got knocked out, how weak was that guy? also batman is lucky that his batmobil never gets stuck on traffick. also I would like to know how much sleep does he get? seriously, he fights criminals during the night and works as an enterprenuer during the day, how much sleep does this guy get?
No. The IRS would shut him down in minutes.
What helped you get over a breakup?
Creative outlets, mine was poetry but it could be anything. You get all your feelings out and then you have a piece of art to be proud of
Talking to friends and family about it
Plenty of time and thinking. I came to realize that if she loved me as I did her she would not have needed someone else. I deserve better and it was great I found out the truth.
Kept myself busy at all times
Which evolutionary trait was once a great strength but now has become one of humans biggest flaw?
Well being able to walk upright was really great when we only lived until like 50 on average because all the problems it causes wouldn't really be a problem by then yet for most people. Now that we live longer humans are probably the most prone to back and spine issue animals that exist because most of our bones were originally designed to support weight horizontally with 4 legs not vertically with 2 and it causes a lot of damage over time.
I guess the loss of fur, it would be pretty nice to have a thick, fluffy fur
How horny we are. Great for propagating the species. But in day-to-day, it just gets in the way, and often leads to devastating mistakes.
men
Ready to get mad? Being white.
I have this. As a girl, it’s not appreciated. And expensive to maintain
Fuck no, all the more shit to get caught in escalators and stuff
Putting the “man” in mannequin since 500 BC
What will happen to Ohio women (cannot call her “mom” ) Krystal Candelario in a jail?
I can’t believe how evil she was. And she has no regrets! But are there any “jail laws”? Will she be “taken care of”? Surely they won’t let her slide. She obviously has no regrets other than being caught.
Nothing anyone does in there will compare to the suffering she caused...
If Superman came to our current earth how would the public act towards his arrival? Knowing a gif final character is real?
Conspiracy theories would abound.
Regardless of how much good he did, we’d all be terrified as fuck
He would be hated by governments, that's for sure.
The republicans would accuse him of election interference.
True.
Lol. Experiment.
If you had to nominate one person to negotiate with aliens, who would it be?
Mr Bean
Sir David Attenborough
That would be Fox Mulder
Obama
Howie Mandel.
Judi Dench
Steve Buscemi
Tom Cardy
Lester Pearson.
Yo momma
Michael Phelps
What if there were people who actually had superpowers?
I think we'd end up in a world that is quite reminiscent of "The Boys"
We would probably hate them
We would have more villains than heros by a long shot
Watch The Boys
Depends on how many If it's less then 100 then not much will change. If it's 10K then the world would be massively changed.
Yeah when I watched it and explained it to a friend I basically said the premise is “what if superpowers were real and people in America had them”
FORSURE
When i read the question, i thought to reply EXACTLY this
I wouldn't say so, a hundred demi gods could heal or fuck up the world pretty easily depending on their powers.
Who is the greatest professional athlete in your opinion?
Most dominant athlete was Gretzky hands down. Most athletic was bo Jackson imo
Usain Bolt. Got to the top, partied like an animal, dominated. Left in honour.
Wayne Gretzky
Mohammed Ali, for me. An all time great as a sportsman and generally great human being.
wilt chamberlain. he was the strongest, fastest, and best jumper on the court every night while playing the most minutes.
Not playing anymore? Dan Marino
Jayson Tatum! 🏀
Obviously my glorious king Lebron
Ronaldinho
Bo knows.
What do people do that they think is sexy but really isn't?
3 ways
Call me “daddy”
Duck lips.
Pretending to be incompetent
Those ridiculous tongue out and eyes crossing
send me snaps of their lame muscles lol
Huge fake boobs, baby talking and lastly twerking.
smoke
exist
Honestly I never had one but I don't understand why anyone thinks it's sexy. Like pleasing one person os enough work why add another also I guess sex is very intimate so i couldn't imagine being able to perform with someone else there.
I have to disagree...but my mine was also VERY atypical
Fair could just be my experience Also how was it atypical? If you don't mind talking about it.
What is your bedtime routine?
Naked by 6:30, eye drop, put on cpap breathing mask, fall asleep by 7pm so as to be up by 3am.
I go to bed at 9:00 p.m. Before I go to bed, I use the waterpik and I brush my teeth.
Daydream about David Duchovny until I fall asleep.
If you had a free pass to any country in the world where would u go?
Probably no where
Greece
Australia. I wanna go to that one beach with the sexy lifeguards and slap a koala
Japan
Don’t care. Don’t respond.
If you could only eat one country’s food for a year, free of charge what are you picking?
mexico
Italy
Greece
thai
Either U.S.A ,Russian or Chinese. In that order. All three are huge, span several climate zones and offer enough variety to easily fill a year without getting repetitive.
Japanese
Italian
Italy easy
Italian food
U.S. cuz everything
Korea.
Indian. I could easily eat that every day of my life
India. I'm newly vegetarian and that cuisine has extraordinary and complex vegetarian and vegan options and flavor profiles.
I’d probably have to choose Chinese food! From their noodles to orange chicken and rice I could eat everything.
Greece
Vietnamese
Indonesia
I'm veggie so I'm screwed either way 🤣
Mexico!
Good old English Fish & Chips.
Mexico. Hello tacoville!
France hands down
Indian.
Italy or Israel. Probably the latter; I'm a sucker for traditional Ashkenazi foods, and daily Israeli breakfast is healthier than a year of gorging on pasta (I'm aware that Italian cuisine is more than pasta, but I fucking love pasta).
Sushi without a shadow of a doubt
Texas
I live in the US, and I'll eat US food till I die, regardless of the hypothetical situations
Turkey.
Mexican.
America, since so many other countries foods have been folded in
I'd go with Japanese. I love sushi and most other things I've tried. And it tends to be healthier than my normal diet, so it might help me with some weight loss.
US because I live here
Japan.
Thai
Japanese
Lebanese.
Canada
Chinese
Japanese food. GIVE. ME. THE RAMEN.
Mexico
japan!
Saudi
Fuck yeah tacos and Tortas baby sign me up
Give me all the pizza
This is also my top pick.
hell yeah
Sneaky.
USA for sure. even if the other country’s “pure” dishes don’t count, I’ll take all the hybrids, like tex mex is 100% american imo
I'll eat Nasi Goreng every day and be happy with it
Hey man, from my knowledge I hear India is one of the best countries for vegan foods? I mean it kinda makes sense too
Can’t go wrong with Mexican food either!
i’m convinced i could eat enchiladas everyday for the rest of my life and never get tired 😫
Yeah I heard that too
What's a word or phrase that you find incredibly powerful or moving?
"Nothing changes if nothing changes"
Don't make excuses in order to not do something, make excuses so you can do it
"forgiveness does not HAVE to be "deserved" because it is inheriently an act of compassion, it may not have the power to change the past, but it does have the power to change the future". (I combined a quote from the fall 2 unbound with some comment I saw on reddit years ago).  "coward is the one who does not have the courage to do the right thing" (some character from voopa the goulash said that one).  "emotion does not invalidate purpose, it informs it"  "your inability to bend has cause you to break" (both of these are from the game the fall 2 unbound).
Conquer your inner bitch.
I cannot be without you
" Walk it off "
What side quest are you currently on?
Investments. Stocks and/or buying an investment property.
If it’s a metaphor: getting back into lifting. If it’s literal: trying to find a sexbot for the Atomic Wrangler.
Well my main quest line life is pretty good so right now I'm on a side quest of trying to figure out if one of the waitresses I work with likes me because I caught her staring at me real hard like she liked what she was looking at the other day and she's always asking me random ass questions about what I do with my life and if there's a girl in it or not. So we'll see how that side quest goes tonight.
My hair lol. I realized I hadn't gotten a haircut in like 6 months because I've been busy, so I'm trying to see how long I can grow it out. Will it eventually annoy me too much or will I love it idk.
Prey for the Pack. I stuffed around a bit though so maybe the boy's dead already.
Everything in my life is a side quest and I genuinely can’t think of what my main objective is. Maybe surviving but who knows
What was your most forgettable first date experience?
Can’t remember
In college, I tried dating a girl who was training to be an EMT. I picked her up and she came to my car with a reflector vest and an emergency bag just in case we drove by an accident on the way to the place we were going. Later in the date she told me about how she could "literally decide if someone lives or dies" then proceeded to tell me how business majors are selfish
What is the Best YouTube channels to watch for liminal space?
I didn't even know this was a YouTube thing
Nexpo
I love watching these while stoned 😂😂
Any recommendations? I feel like I've just pulled an uno reverse on you
3/24/2024: What is your greatest game of all time?
When I caught the game winning touchdown in overtime against our rival
Pheasant.
Fortnite
Batman arkham knight
Bloodborne. Maybe.
The Stanley parable
Bloody awesome. Sudden death.
pheasant be shit to catch, foo. deer or gtfo
What's the worst car you've ever owned?
Chevy Malibu, don’t even remember what year, somewhere around 2000?
Kinda owned my parent’s ‘87 ford escort. The only thing with power was the automatic seatbelts. Not even power steering, few have driven a car without power steering— it sucked for the parallel parking part of the driving test! But I passed first time. Taking that car over a pass isn’t easy, such a shit car.
Dodge neon. It was given to me. For free
2002 caddy sts. Always leaking fluids, burned through coil packs like they were candy, burned up cats more than once. Ate suspension arms every 30k miles, and motor mounts every 50k would tear and leak their damping fluid. Interior rattled by 60k miles, back side bank of the motor blew the head gasket at 119k miles.
Lambo truck
2004 Volvo
Nissan Sentra
2022 Porsche Taycan 4S
A ‘67 Pontiac Grand Prix. What an unreliable pile of rolling shit that was.
My first car was a 2001 Vauxhall Corsa and it was a wreck. Caused me so much trouble in the end. Traded it towards getting a Suzuki instead but it was barely worth anything
1966 GMC Handi-Bus. Driver’s seat directly over the solid front axle on leaf springs - rode like a buckboard. So little weight in the rear it lost traction in a heavy dew. Zero sound deadening, engine in a box next to the seat. Steel dash with no padding. 3-speed manual transmission. The windshield was a flat pane of glass. In a collision, your legs are the crumple zone . Man oh man, I loved that thing.
2014 Toyota Rav4
Dodge caliber..didn't own it but had a rental
1972 Dodge Duster. Biggest POS ever
1995 Ford Probe, after it got past about 275,000km.
I never owned a car but I know that the worst car of all time was ford pinto. that thing got rushed to market and had the gasoline tank placed right behind it, meaning that if an other driver bumps into your car you car will explode and you would die. the fact that ford has killed its customers with 4 different products and they are still on buisness is proof that libertarians have no idea what they are saying when they are praising the free markets.
They should've paid you.
Jesus alive I hate Corsas. Every tit in my town had them when I was younger and they were always shit😂
What, how?!
Oh if we're bringing rentals into it... I once rented the cheapest car possible to get to an interview in Kent from west Yorkshire. It ended up being a Chevrolet Matiz. It's the only car I have ever had to change down a gear on the motorway to keep it near 70. It was hateful. No power, uncomfortable, I swear it had less functionality than the Leyland Metro I had as my first car some 20 years before. On the plus side I got the job and bought a Cliosport 172.
I only got it because I needed a car to get me to work but it cost me so much for work it needed doing. I had to have new water pump, spark plugs, ignition coil etc. Engine constantly overheating. Eventually I was told the head gasket was on the way out and it was only a matter of time before it blew. There was no point trying to prolong it. I only had it a year too. So happy with my Suzuki now. Not caused me any trouble at all.
I don't even know where to start. Mostly electrical issues that have been gremlins since it was new.
I think Vauxhalls are just generally shit, even the new ones are horrid to ride in, the seats are always really crap. Good work with the Suzuki, only ever had a 1998 model when it was ancient and I damn well loved it!! Was a pocket rocket and really reliable
I'd demand a new vehicle. Toyota warranty is amazing.
I'd never get a Vauxhall again! My experience really put me off them. I can't fault my Suzuki though. Like you said, really reliable and great to drive. Had it 3 years so far and no troubles at all.
I guess but it just kept happening again well after the car was out of warranty. Definitely never buying another Toyota. People tend to have good luck but never again for me.
Ah good stuff and wishing you happy and swift motoring!!
That's definitely not the norm. I bought an 06 brand new and still have it. It's literally never seen a mechanic.
Thank you very much 😊
🥳🥳. Brmmmmm brmmmmm
What is the craziest piece of Parent lore you found out?
I found out that my mum and her friend faked an amputation to get out of PE when she was in high school.
Which subreddits suitable for selling someting especially digital works and how to start trade with reddit users?
r/findareddit
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done to impress someone you’re attracted to?
Left her a $100 dollar tip. Spoiler: we have been married 40 years
I gave someone a napkin , they never asked for a napkin , they never needed a napkin. But.. probably I impressed them
What is the most shocking least talked about historical event?
The African middle East slave trade, btw it run parallel to the trans Atlantic slave trade
The killing of up to 20 million Christians in the former Soviet Union for the purpose of promoting something called “scientific atheism.”
The sonderkommandos Basically jew prisoners forced to kill and deceive their own kin, bringing them to the gas chambers and later burning their bodies, counts into the 500’s per batch. Dragging them out with meathooks in their feet, some alive. They were forced to burn people that were still alive as they weren’t worth the bullets. Horrible
A former Nixon aid admitting on live television they started the war on drugs so they could get rid of black people and people who disagreed with them politically
Many of the events in France after the liberation after WW2 of that country. The French people turned on each other and were killing possibly innocent people. Here’s a link to just some of the things that happened.
Great leap forward, and the 15 million on the low-end to 55 million on the high-end number of deaths.
Man, the soviet union did some fucked up stuff.
Jesus christ, thats brutal. It makes me feel sick
If you want to have a deeper understanding about how it all worked I’d highly recommend you check out this video:
Imma check it out now. Sounds horrific but very interesting
Who’s your favorite Batman villian?
The OG Riddler from 1966 Frank Gorshen's laugh is sooooo damn contagious
Mark Hammil's version of the Joker. Pure perfection.
Two face
The emo version of Mr. Freeze from the 90s cartoon.
The riddler
Joker or Clayface.
The Joker. Naturally. I love "The Killing Joke" graphic novel. "See, there were these two guys in a lunatic asylum...and one night, one night they decide they don't like living in an asylum any more. They decide they're going to escape! So, like, they get up onto the roof and there, just across this narrow gap, they see the rooftops of the town, stretching away in the moonlight...stretching away to freedom. Now, the first guy, he jumps right across with no problem. But his friend, his friend daren't make the leap. Y'see...y'see, he's afraid of falling. So then, the first guy has an idea...He says 'Hey! I have my flashlight with me! I'll shine it across the gap between the buildings. You can walk along the beam and join me!' B-but the second guy just shakes his head. He suh-says... he says 'What do you think I am? Crazy? You'd turn it off when I was half way across!'"
Jack Nicholson’s Joker Out of all of the movie and television versions of the character, his is the closest to what the character is supposed to be.
What’s the freakiest thing you did in high school?
Freaky how?
Get in an fight that ended whit neighborhood scandal, stalking, more bullying, cyberbullying and heavy gossip.
Had a crush on a boy in sophomore year, and I stalked him and bugged the hell out of him to try and get his attention.
Let's take a photo of a goat in a boat And then we can float in the moat and be freaky
What’s more popular around you , converse or vans ?
Hell if I know. I know fashion like I know the atomic makeup of rocket fuel
I’m obsessed with vans love them.❤️😊❤️😊☺️☺️🥹
Adidas. I teach in a high school and we got a new student last week who was wearing Adidas joggers. Took them into the market our students run and manage to get work experience during school and told them to follow the kids in the market to get a feel for how things operate. Introduced them to M, who was wearing Adidas track pants, L, who was also wearing Adidas track pants, A, who was wearing an Adidas sweatshirt, F, who was wearing Adidas kicks, and another F, who was wearing an Adidas track jacket. I told them I was gonna go put on my Adidas backpack so I could fit in.
I didn't saw converse since last decade , but I see vans every week
Chucks
What is the appropriate response for sometime who starts talking on their phone at the movie theater?
Violence
gunshot to the head
Throw a piece of popcorn at them
The appropriate response is exsanguination via slit throat. But murder is frowned upon for some reason. So usually it's just "Get off the phone or get out of the theater." Maybe throw some popcorn or ju-ju bees their way.
Death by shrubbery
Who’s that one crush you regret never having the courage to ask out?
If you had to go back to relive one memory in your life what would it be?
The big family reunion with my extended family where we stayed in a hotel together and hung out
What is something a coworker got in trouble for that you had been doing (bonus points if you told the coworker it was okay to do)?
What where you told about the opposite sex body that wasn't true but you found out it really was true?
To the people that have been to jail, how was it? Was it as bad as the media portrays?
You can't smoke which sucks but there's a lot of weed, and meth if you're into that.
It was a pain in the ass…
Unbelievably boring
What is your most common typo?
U and I, idk why they put them next to each other on a keyboard
I tend to misclick n when i try to press the spacebar (when typing on smartphone)
Duck you
Your instead of you're
Preform instead of perform
On mobile, 'that' often comes out as 'thar' whist is supper fucking annoying. I've even deleted it from the keyboard dictionary.
I ducking hate when duck corrects to duck, like duck you Apple what’s your ducking problem??
"Menaing" instead of "meaning".
Same, except I get "thag"
What is your best insult?
I smell something burning. Are you trying to think again?
If some pervert sends me a dick pic, I ask him why he sent me a picture of his pinky.
Rat bastard. Not only does it say that you are a rat, but a rat that was born out of wedlock.
My brother yelled this at me the other night; “Are you airtight?”
What's the best thing about your job?
Getting to tell someone’s story thousands of years after it happened.
Staying home
No commute
Free amazing food
The paycheck.
My coworkers
Wfh 2 days a week and good free food the other 3 days
I'm a singer, not famous at all of course, but when people tell me that my singing made them smile, cheered them up, or help them in any way, I feel like I'm doing my job right. Plus, I just love singing. It's fun and it feels so good. Those are the two best parts of my job. I'm not in it for fame or Fortune. I'm just in it for the enjoyment of singing and making a positive difference in people's lives.
wfh i would decline promotions if i had to go into the office
Psychic medium?
Close. Archaeologist.
Ah, that was going to be my second guess.
What’s that one movie you watch while high?
Supertroopers
We once watched 'sleepy hollow' backwards high. I remember us laughing our assed off, cause the plot was a dude on a horse riding backwards and glueing heads to necks with his sword.
Caddy Shack.
Pink Floyd - The Wall
What's something you're really passionate about, and how did you discover your interest in it?
Reincarnation I discovered it reading Dolores cannon and Michael newton
Music is my greatest passion. I love to sing. I've always loved music since I was little, but I didn't realize how much I loved to sing until I was 15 years old. One evening, I was playing on my computer and singing along to a Christina Aguilera song. I suddenly began to Belt it out, and that's when I realized how much I love to sing, and that I wanted to do it for the rest of my life. That was 21 years ago, and I haven't looked back since.
How do you manage to live alone?
Poorly
It’s nice, just gotta make sure i go out and socialize so i dont become crazy
I have a dog
Joyfully
A single person would ask how you manage to live with someone. That’s like asking someone what it’s like to be an only child. We have no point of reference so from our perspective it’s fucking great not having brothers or sisters.
Who’s the best rapper currently in your opinion?
Kendrick
Would you be a gold digger? Why or why not?
I mean, like, panning? Or a full-fledged mine? 'Cause that sounds like a lot of work...
If I had vision, sure. As it is, I can't tell gold from gravel by feel.
Ugh, no. There's a time I was skinny and attractive and got a chance to get a sugar daddy, but it felt heavily wrong.
Maybe 200 years ago
No. No reason to be one
Yes, but I'm not good-looking enough or have any discernable qualities to offer.
No way!
I love money
why not today? gold is still valuable
Low hanging fruit is all taken
What is the most valuable thing you own?
Wilfred. My teddy.
My life. If I didn’t have it I’d be dead
My life
My condo
My kidney
If your killer told you to pick ONE movie that he can watch that will change his mind what movie would you pick?
Clockwork Orange
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas or pulp fiction.
Shrek.
How many underwear would you pack for a week long trip? Why?
For as many days as the trip is plus 2. You never know when you're gonna need extra clothes
I don't wear underwear
A week is 7 days so. If I know I'm going to be working out I might bring more than 8 pair if I'm going to be changing a lot. I could always buy new ones on the road.
One for every day, plus 3 more just in case I want to change outfits a few times a week and want to change underwear along with it
10-14 You never know when you need another pair. Plus if you are going somewhere hot or changing during the day, I never reuse
one... there's two sides... and once it's dried up and.. solid.. it's a fresh side
Two pairs, including the ones I was wearing.
I feel this is my gf reddit account..
10. It could never hurt to have a few spare ones
10, because you just never know.
I usually bring for two a day. Just in case. Also, in case I shower at some point throughout the day, I always put clean ones on.
15 always double
20-25 tbh
one a day + one
This right here is a smart man.
What if it is...
What lie did you tell your kids that they still believe?
I told my son that vaping would make his penis smaller.
Lol
What made you realize that someone was lovebombing you?
When his words did not match his actions
What did you think of the Don Lemon show?
Sour
He's a tool.
I get why people are tired of liberals talking about slavery when they want to hyper focus on the start of the problems and skip over 150 years of discrimination that is much easier to explain why black communities are what they are today
How do you get into a locked account on Xbox?
I’d look in the yellow pages for a locksmith.
What's a total waste of money yet people still pay for?
dating....just cut the foreplay and pageantry people...we're all adults here.
gambling
Food delivery when they have cars and it’s very close and they are not busy… when I learned what my aunt was paying for fast food just down the street… I was stunned!!
Extended warranty for inexpensive items. $29.99 earphones, $9.99 extended warranty.
The premium monthly subscription to r/AskReddit - $49.99/month for the first 3 months, then $59.99/month after that. No? I'm the only one? Dang...
Premium bottled water
The vast majority of nutritional supplements.
Porn.
Micro transactions on mobile games
concerts, way too expensive and performances are lazy
Micro transactions in video games
Who should pay for the first date?
Did you ever win?
Nice observation, I did this few times too. Gotta be careful.
Obviously this is an amazing opportunity for those that truly cannot easily get out of their house on their own. I’m only talking about those that are fully able to go pick it up for sometimes HALF the price of having it delivered
Really? In my country it’s just $4.99 per month.
Is that real? Crazy
Stanley cups
Aren’t they supposed to be beneficial?
What concerts are you going to? You should try going to better ones.
No ticket is less than $100 these days.
I do spend those money too.
Did you write all this?
whomever asked out and invited the other to whichever activity is to be enjoyed...usually.
No it's not - at least, not that I know of. If "premium monthly r/AskReddit " is a thing, it's not something I have or would subscribe to. Merely making a joke/being snarky was all.
Hockey players disagree.
The last gig i went to cost me £10.
Reminds me of Steve🤣🤣
Superb fan base 😎
Did you miss the joke?
Perhaps you did, or don't follow the NHL... which is fine. They get awarded the Stanley Cup for being the best hockey team.
[SERIOUS] Depressives of Reddit, what dark, depressing song keeps you from giving up?
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
Hollowness by minami
For me: "Sacrifice" by Aurelio Voltaire. Written from the perspective of a high-school kid whose friend/girlfriend commits suicide. These lines from the chorus, especially, force me not to give up: "So much life to live So much love to give."
Linkin Park full Meteora Album. Helps me Everytime.
Midnight Cruiser by Steely Dan
Can't say it's a dark, depressing song but Killing in the Name does it for me. "Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me!" Screaming that out loud to my super negative inner voice helps sometimes.
That song has saved my life more times than I care to admit
Sympathy by Too Close To Touch
Don't You Dare Forget the Sun by Get Scared It helps remind me of how far I've come
version of  song by Nine Inch Nails/Trent Reznor.
David Duchovny Why Don't You Love Me? - Bree Sharp
“Goodbye Sweet Dreams” Roky Erickson
Blue on Black By Kenny Wayne Shepherd
Dying Song by HIM >We hum along to the evening sun 'til we are no more, >Little deaths to a dying song, >Sound a lot like life.
Camptown races 5 mi. long, doo da doo da. Gwine to run all night! Gwine to run all day! I’ll bet my money on de bob-tail nag, Somebody bet on de bay. 🐎🏇 About as deep as I can stand to go at the moment.
When love is the thing that hurts the most: love is hell by rabbit junk When i feel like i just don't fit: masque by ashbury heights When everything collapses too much around and nothing helps: hurt by Nine inch nails
Red Water by Rehab
Dark beach of Pastel Ghost
Free if we wanted it by Nothing But Thieves <3
Tenebrescence - Crywolf Really makes me miss my ex hard. I hope this finds someone who needs to hear it. 🖤
Chemical by The Devil Wears Prada
Jesus in the Ghetto.
What a catch Donnie by fall out boy
Migraine by twenty one pilots. Actually, most of their discography. Saved me from ending it all due to deep depression a few years ago.
Painkillers - rainbowkittensuprise
Truce by Twenty One Pilots
Details in the Fabric. -Jason Mraz.
None anymore sadly
Happy from NF, but basically his full last album.
I used to like how a variety of NIN songs help transform my depression into anger. After years of therapy to help me understand and address the root causes, I still enjoy the songs for their personal relevance, my memory of how I used to feel, and just for the still-great music and meaningful lyrics. Copy of a...  Right Where It Belongs  Every Day Is Exactly The Same
Head Full of doubt/Road Full of Promise - The Avett Brothers the opening lyrics, "there's a darkness upon me thats flooded in light" gets me every time. Im a manic depressive. Everyone only sees me when I'm manic because thats the only time i feel social. Noone sees the 'depressive' part.
Enjoy
The reckoning song
Cigarettes by King's X
Black Cloud - POSTDATA
The Boy Who Blocked His Own Shot by Brand New.
Probably Rule #11 - My Dream, My Addiction by Fish in a Birdcage. It just gives me comfort for some reason
Whatever it takes by imagine dragons
Disturbed: sound of silence Evanescence Linkin park Even tho I dislike him Harry styles: sign of the times, have a sad connection to someone with it.
Back to Black by Amy Winehouse. I honestly can’t listen to some of my favourites if I’m too down. Nine Inch Nails, Nirvana, and Nick Drake, Neil Young.
What are your takes on “trust your gut”? What’s this instinct/ intuition thing all about?
We have something called the Enteric Nervous System that runs down your gastrointestinal tract. The system contains millions of nerve cells and brain cells, which basically means when we have a "gut feeling" it could probably be the ENS. Its pretty unknown what the function is but basically the theory is that this is where our intuition comes from.
I follow my heart but trust my brain
you have it in you too. On a sunny day go outside, take a random bus and get off at a random stop, try to navigate back home without maps
Anytime I’ve ever had a knot in my stomach about something in a relationship- it’s just that weird, pull in the pit of your stomach that you can’t ignore- I had it for a reason. Even if I had no other hints, that feeling in my stomach was always my intuition telling me something isn’t right. Listen to it.
I think that the gut of some people can be quite reliable, on some subjects. While probably, the gut of some others, is shit.
Unfortunately, as someone with CPTSD, I have to try to stay calm enough to decide if there is real threat or I’m overreacting to something that set me off. 😕
There are many things we don't conciously pick up on. Micro expressions, certain paterns, recurring details from past experiences, etc. They all seem to pass us by, but our subconciousness pick up on them. Our brain gives us a signal that something is off or "not right" even though we might not conciously know why. A person giving you the wrong vibe, might be expressing something you are not actively picking up on. That uneasy feeling while walking into a building, might be something that your subconciousness associates with that one time something unfortunate happened to you. While not always right, it could help you out or just forewarn you of something that might happen.
I believe in it
Absolutely. We experience soo much but can only process some of it. We have to filter out a lot just to get thru basic activities and focus our attention on what’s most pertinent. Sometimes, that sense is trying it’s best to get our attention about something even if we can’t quantify it in the moment. That’s my two cents.
What is the wildest thing you did at highschool?
I cut a girl's hair and put the lock I cut on fire in front of her after she pushed me to the ground
i thought i would learn in school sth which would help me later
I had a cult
I was a goody-two-shoes. A girl in my English class convinced us all to hide outside the class as a April fools joke. Teacher was pissed and it was the only tardy I got all 4 years.
Acid
At the high school or while I was in high school? I did wild things but none of them were at the school itself
Probably run from the cops when I had a bunch of drugs on me because I had been selling them for my dad because he convinced me it was an easy way to make money. It was a really easy way to make money right up until I got caught. Then it kinda fucking sucked after that.
Blew my vape smoke in the administrators face
They left the gates open to our outdoor track/football field. I raced my car with some friends around the track in the middle of the night with my lights off. Was almost a disaster because I didn't realize until the last second that the hurdles were still up .
A classmate tried to bully me (he was calling me non-stop during a final exam), I asked the teacher to do something and he told me to stfu and sit down. I went straight to the "bully" and tried to punch him, but he flinched so I started beating his back with both hands like Donkey Kong. I stopped when he started crying, told the teacher it was his fault, and got back to my seat.
Accidentally started a cult with a misplaced cafeteria meatloaf.
Skip class
I lit my friends brown bag lunch on fire in front of the principals window because the ham sandwich in it was still literally half frozen. XD
Partied almost every night in a mobile trap party van lol
Set a trashcan on fire almost went to jail for 5 years got kicked out 5x made 3 teachers quit this is not even half
I did a drug deal in an arcade parking lot and ended up getting stabbed with a box cutter. I then proceeded to beat a man half to death. I had ptsd and nightmares from it for quite awhile but it's gotten alot better
Typed 58008 into my calculator and turned it upside down.
At school? A real dick move! I had a classmate with horrible BO. She stunk so bad. Myself and a few other kids in English class did several passive aggressive things trying to give her the hint that she stunk; care packages, notes, etc. When none of that worked I brought a can of Lysol and sprayed her with it. During high school, but not AT school, our band had 2 a day band practices during summer break. One day, between morning and afternoon sessions of band practice I was surfing in the back of a friend’s pickup. I was a junior and there was a group of freshman girls walking back to the school. I mooned them while truck surfing right in front of the police station.
Quite an interesting way to get revenge. Did she ever try getting back at you or did you get in any trouble for it?
Preach
Well you learned how bad it is so that might help out if you have a child.
How serious of a cult? What kind of stuff did you do?
So he gave every student a tardy? He definitely doesn't seem like a nice teacher.
Have any crazy trips you're willing to share?
What's the wildest thing while you were in highschool?
Damn hopefully they went easy on you since you were just a kid. I hope things eventually got better for you.
How did he react to that?
Did you actually get away with it?
I gotta hear how that happened.
I would never skip but I would fake being sick.
Gave me 16 days lunch detention because he knew it was my senior lunch and I always made out with girls in the same spot where I lit the bag on fire. Asshole..
What's a mobile trap party van?
>Quite an interesting way to get revenge It's just fucked up lol. I did get in trouble obviously since it happened on school's ground but I deserved it tbh.
It wasn't serious at all, It was a meme cult worshipping communism and all of the USSR leaders. My cult marched down the halls playing the ussr national anthem, we threatened to send people to a gulag, etc. I had like 10 members who was a part of the cult.
Probably prom night after party at my friend’s house. Skinny dipped with like 5 girls. I was the only guy
Got suspended for 10 days and they took my vape until I graduated 💀
I did that way too much
Lol that's hilarious.
How in the world did you get away with that? Were you just the popular guy?
Yeah I'm surprised I made it through highschool with how much I missed.
No I wasn’t that popular at all. One was my best female friend and the others were her friends. They all knew me very well and were cool with me
Makes one of us…I ended up dropping out and getting my HSE
Dang that's pretty cool. Did anything interesting happen or was it just a quick swim?
Is that not interesting enough for you? It wasn’t quick. Maybe like an hour. We had to make sure we were dressed before her parents came home
Lol it is but it seems like sometimes those situations get a bit touchy.
What do you mean?
What do you think of furries in fursuits?
I may not understand them, but I will fight for their right of expression.
Rich
Both sad and cute
You do you
God isn't it suffocating in there
Depends on the quality of the suit, but often i just find them kinda uncanny. Also many tend to lack in originality and focus too much on the cute aspect.
I think they're normal people engaging in a hobby they enjoy. I can also appreciate the work and artistry that goes into the fursuits.
As long as you aren’t hurting anyone or purposely making people uncomfortable, pop off. Do what you like.
I have nothing against them, their lifestyle does not bother me, just makes me feel curious.
I have no real opinions on this matter.
Off-putting.
Some people juggle geese.
the term "fursona" reminds me of Persona 4
Creepy, stay away from minors
Freaks who should be limited to living out their fetish behind high walls.
I'll have you know my fursuit is made from the discarded hides of real foxes that I hunted by hand. Low budget and very convincing ;3
They said furries, not clergy.
imma bite, how is a fursuit a fetish?
I was very interested until you mentioned having to hunt,
They turn up on lgbt parades.
That wouldn't be very in character of me if I just ordered it. No. I must become the predator
soooo supporting pride is a fetish? ill make sure to keep that in mind, thanks.
I like the idea of making my own, it seems fun, but all the material is almost as expensive as ordering a custom one
Everyone who supports those parades has some sort of fetish. Normal people (99%) stay away from that stuff.
Which countries do most people have no idea exists?
Lichtenstein, Tajikistan, Tuvalu
In my experience, a lot of Americans only know of America, Canada and Mexico
Laos
some countries teach kids how to point most of the countries in the globe, even what their capital cities are other countries don't know the difference between a country, a continent and a city
Eswatini, Rwanda, Liechtenstein, North Macedonia
Mongolia
Unless you watched King of the Hill.
I recently learned people travel on reindeer back in countryside Mongolia. Makes me want to go there and see now. Looks beautiful
It's not a country tho
ThatsTheJoke.jpg
What would you do If you woke up one day with your favorite superpower?
rubs hands together Momma's actually fuckin' tonight!
Travel the world.
Fly around a lot
Why, fly all over the entire planet or course and look for other people who fly too.
What the heck? What’s your favourite power?
Shapeshifting.
Ah that’s a good one.
Always been my fav'. Plus there's lycanthrope after ;)
Woah you frisky. Who would you do first?
First dude I trusted to not be STD-ridden.
Then it could be me 😏😉. My favourite power is teleportation. So it could work
/shrug Don't even know how old you are, internet stranger.
You’re a shapeshifter. You can cater to any age though right? 😆 what’s ur age limits then?
21+
Then I made it. I’m 39 😎
Well, one magical shapeshifting/teleportation bestowal away from consideration then ;)
Nice, wait how old are you then?
Thirty-four.
Ok to chat you?
I'm sorry, but that's not really an interest at this point. You're welcome to try ARAD if you're looking for that.
Ok noted 😉. Could have been fun i guess.
I had a period of months where I sexted. It lost its luster.
Only sexted ? Could have gone to more lovely things
Tried hooking up with a few people. Didn't work out.
what is your most embarrassing story?
I told my class that i was half danish. And for some reason my class took it as i knew how to speak danish completely (i only know some danish). And EVERYONE ask me "say this", "say that" in danish all the time , when i have no fucking clue. And one time in class the teacher put on a video of woman speaking danish, and decided to ask me what she said in front of the entire class, so i made up some random bullshit. Only for the teacher to show the video again, but she put on subtitles, so the entire class knew i was lying. I dont why had to happen to me.
Hahahahahahaha why not just tell them you don’t speak it😂😂😂 Actually so funny that you decided to improv the subtitles, should’ve gone with it as a joke and not feel embarassed! (Maybe you did that?)
my class thought i knew danish fully for like 2 years, so it wouldn't make sense to suddenly say i didnt know danish you know. I was and still am pretty embarrassed about it and i just didn't say anything after it happened😂
What's the best way to improve concentration?
Adderall
First you need to… what was the question?
Maybe build some sort of camp for it?
I did a mindfulness course. I learned some handy tips and exercises that work pretty good for me.
I recommend a dopamine detox for one week: less tv, social media, sugare, music, porn, fastfood.
It's different for each person. Myself if I have music playing in the foreground and the background at the same time I can focus so much better.
The internet is the fastest way to decrease your attention span so maybe long technology breaks would help!
Yes. It’s like meth, but not.
In the foreground and background? SO, what? Music on the shelf squeakers and also on the headphones?
I put music on my TV and music on my phone which I set beside me when I'm watching an online lecture. For some reason this really helps me focus. Makes a huge difference.
What would you define as a good or bad taste in music?
Mine is good; yours is bad
If you need alcohol or drugs to even enjoy your "favorite" music, you have a bad taste in music.
Pedestrian level, cultural popularity: probably bad. Critical acclaim, diverse genres: probably good.
No such thing. If I had to answer, I would say people who explore different genres, and listen beyond what’s popular. But even if despite that your favorites end up being the most popular contemporary pop music, that doesn’t make your taste any worse than some jazz aficionado.
diversity
someone who doesn't only listen to one genre of music
Billie Eilish or Cardi B is bad taste
crazy I didn't even know that was a thing
yeahhh I'd agree
Yeah me neithe, but a guy in my class once told me hardcore was his favorite music. When I told him I did not like it, he told me that it's only good if you had something to drink and had taken some drugs. He was weird.
What would you say to your doppelgänger if you happen to meet?
Damn bro you ugly
You're almost as hot as me
If it looks like me I would really wanna know where did it come from
You're the pretty one!
time to take over the world
I sure hope you make better life choices
Would my twin be considered my doppelgänger?
Sup sexy
How successful are you at cold-approaching?
Bro can you got to the socials studies class for me
I would compare dicks
Smash?
I'm on my third iteration. I hope I don't meet another one.
I don’t think so
Hmm 🤔
Redditors that live with overly reactive, loud or destructive dogs, what keeps you tolerating that behavior?
They have a variant of baby blindness. Kind of like the parent saying about their kid, who is the biggest pothead/seller in the school, oh he's just a perfect angel.
That makes it worse, knowingly bringing that kind of uncontrolled chaos into your life.
What is the name of the commercial soap brand that is white and cloudy with a sweet, almost almond-like scent, reminiscent of marzipan?
Goldberg
Well, Jergens was known for this (cherry almond) with their original lotion scent. Looks like they also have the same scented soap now.
Damn I can’t find it on google. It’s really been bugging me
What's your favorite perfume?
Alien by Mugler
Fluer de male by Jean Paul gautier.
Red Flag by Chanel
Highland Lilac. I haven't worn that in a long time. Thank you for the reminder.
Napalm in the mornink
I like a little hint of violet. Can’t stand commercial perfumes.
Hypnotic poison because it smells like coconut
What do you miss from the 2000s?
Cartoons. They peaked that decade.
I kinda miss cable TV. Watching a channel was more than just the shows, it was also the bumpers and the overall personality of the channel. When a new episode of a popular show aired, it felt like a big event. Plus, sometimes you don't really know what to watch and you could discover new shows by just letting the TV play the shows for you. Now yes, I know cable TV still exists, but it really is a shell of its former self. Streaming looked like a great idea initially but the negatives are starting to rear their ugly head. Every company now has their own streaming service so you have to subscribe to multiple of them if you want to see everything, so you end up paying about as much as you did for cable. Advertisements are back as well, with even Netflix bringing in ads. Pretty much the only advantage is being able to choose what you want to watch... until some contract ends and the show/movie gets pulled.
The internet was much better
Old school Simpsons coming out as new episodes
grandma
Steve Irwin
Hating non-Americans, instead other Americans more.
The no or early social media before politics and misinformation took over.
Being able to surf the internet and find new stuff.
No google
the music chord selection and hook lines
MMOs. They were good for a very specific portion of time. They weren't overly balanced like they are now, so there were rare drops that were significantly better than anything else you could get while leveling. But those things were still mysteries because someone didn't just data mine the item descriptions immediately. So there were still mysteries to solve, things to find, and builds to experiment with. People also had the time to play such massive games.
AOL Chatrooms
Television and soundtracks were at the top. Not sure what Hollywood’s doing with this recycling and completely changing characters crap but it’s annoying. Why are we getting a female Jack Sparrow?
The music
no Obama
Very true. Venture Bros and Aqua Teen Hunger Force came out in that decade.
Must See TV... NBC!
It didn't feel corporate back then. Everyone had their own personal blog or website that was customized to show their personality. It was less centralized too, and it just felt bigger.
The internet was a wild west back then 😂
I'm sorry to hear that, I lost mine fairly recently.
Hey. A/S/L...?!
Hollywood doesn't want to take risks anymore. Back in the 2000s, if a movie failed at the box office, it could make its money back through DVD sales. Now that physical media is practically dead, movie studios don't have this luxury, so they'd rather pump out soulless cashgrabs using familiar IPs that they know for sure will make their money back as opposed to trying something new.
It felt more Magical.
IRC was lively and fun.
Yep. Forums and places like LiveJournal for example felt more common and active back then.
and it was BETTER!
Who has lived a life that you find absolutely inspiring, and what about their story stands out?
I've been telling my daughter about a young racing driver called Billy Monger. He was a very promising driver who seemed destined for F1. When racing in April 2017 at the age of 18 in the feeder F4 series, he crashed and both legs had to be amputated. One above the knee, one below the knee He returned to the track 7 months later in the November of the same year. He still races and is a pundit for British Formula One coverage
What is the most creatively themed wedding you have ever been to?
Mine. It was creative because I didn't even know I was getting married and that too to my cousin.
what would you do if u woke up blind tomorrow morning?
I'd wonder who decided to sew my eyes shut and why I wasn't warned so I could ask them to do my mouth, too
Probs go back to sleep and assume it was a dream
Blindly fuck your mom
Freak the fuck out
Pee in the shower
“I can’t see”
i would too
i would depressed tbh
When was the last time you screamed at someone and why did you do it?
Myself. Died in Fortnite
was playing basketball on the court: I'm open!!
My roommate because she was a cocky fake ass artsy wannabe dj who didn't want to pay rent anymore.
Myself, died in elden ring
A few years ago. A coworker. She would get jealous every time I gave any attention to other women at the workplace and would have an attitude for the rest of the day just because I chatted with one of the other women. It was pretty obvious that she had a very unwelcomed crush on me. One day when I was chatting with one of the other women she started slamming stuff around and making a scene. I asked her why she was acting that way and she said something similar to "because you should be talking to me because you're my friend." To which I screamed at her "I like dick! I'm fucking gay! You never had a chance to begin with and you know this! What the hell is your problem?" She had apparently done this to previous employees too. It's one of those things that people dismissed for so long as "oh that's just her" instead of challenging her to work on herself.
What is your country’s soup?
New England clam chowder
Women of reddit, what is the most attractive thing a guy can do, but they think it isn't attractive?
compliment my personality
Literally just being confident and being yourself. So many times guys try to overhype themselves and act like they are cool and someone they are not and it's so obvious. Just be yourself and that's when the natural interacton comes. Also I am a guy and I have never spoken to a women and I don't know what I am talking about
What comes in your mind when you hear the word "Nepal"?
mt everest
Mountainous
Monks, mountains, monasteries
Neoplolitan Icecream lol
Monks
Gurkhas
weird shaped flag
Gurkhas
The Golden Child
Earthquake
Farcry 4
Triangle flags
Himalayas
Peace, beautiful people, Buddhism
Ace Ventura 2
Promise phan. A beauty YouTuber i used to watch a lot!
Buddhists
Mountains
These damn Nepalese coins.
My aunt Jane…she lived there for a while in the early 80’s.
Everest. And being cold 🥶
Weird flag
Food
Nepal
Sherpa Tensing
Mt. Everest
Curry. Buddhism
The world map
Mountains, strange shaped flag
A guy colored in a way like an indian guy but not much facial hair. He has a stand. All of the buildings around him are collapsed, but he stands there with a happy face on the rubble with his stand selling his crappy food and screaming like nothing happened
The flag
My son is 3 and his favourite book is one about children from all over the world. Theres a page with a boy from Nepal living in the mountains. Whenever my son sees even a small hill in real life he excitedly exclaims ‘look Nepal’ and points at it.
Mount Everest
mount everest, obviously.
Temple balls. Iykyk.
The Yeti from Monster's Inc
kathmandu
Incredible french hip/hop (rap) artist which unfortunately died too young. Go listen his art !
Yeti
That one very sarcastic Jacksfilms video about Flags where he calls it Nipple and complains that it's not rectangular, and then a lot of Nepalese people got real mad about it in the comments.
“Always tip your sherpa”
French person trying to pronounce Nipple.
Nyatapola Temple
The nepalm bomb.
Kathmandu Restaurant in Nederland Colorado. When I lived in Denver my wife and I would treat ourselves every few months to their food.
Badal Barsha bijuli
Momos
nipple
india 💪💪💪💪🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Nipple
Momos
Does anyone really like strawberry ice cream?
Fearsome warriors. You really don't want to get in a fight with a Gurkha
You can't call a country nipples
Yes
How is 1 vs 40?
Who says that now?
Or 1 vs many Taliban  I'm pretty sure there's stories of Argentinian conscripts fleeing when they heard they'd face Gurkhas in the Falklands.
Who is your Favourite Celebrity in terms of hotness?
Christopher Walken
Salma Hayek
Chloe Grace Moretz
David Tennant
Haley Atwell
90s Denise Richards and Charisma Carpenter
Aubrey Plaza
Idris elba
Ryan Ronalds
Karen Fukuhara
Salma Hayek
Norman Reedus and I say that as a confidently straightish man.
The Chrises: Evans, Pine, Messina, Hemsworth and on a good day Pratt.
chris hemsworth
David Duchovny
Helen Mirren
Gal Gadot
yes she is hot..
I fucked her
I fucked her.
I fucked her so good
his accent is a plus too
He fucked me
Bro hes literally me.
You have a good choice..
So hot that I'd stick my dick in a gravel path if her shadow was on it.
What do you think will happen to X/Twitter in a long term of time?
be replaced and moved into obsolescence by another format/technology with more subscribers. Just like MySpace, Facebook, AOL, Vine, etc.
It will be around, continuing to be an unprofitable money pit
Don't know and don't care
crash due to porn bots and automatic ads in the replies
Depends how far Elon is willing to go in the name of turning a profit. He seems to be willing to go pretty damn far so it’ll probably end up falling off.
Merge with Reddit and become Exxit.
Government will eventually shut it down in the name of saving democracy
Did the Italian Air Force participate in the Battle of Britain, and if so, to what extent ?
Dammit Jim I'm a Redditor not a historian!
Mate... You reached new levels of lazy!
I literally used Google The Corpo Aereo Italiano (CAI, Italian Air Corps) was composed of three Stormi (Wings), some 200 aircraft. They operated against the United Kingdom in support of an unenthusiastic Luftwaffe from bases at Melsbroek, Chievres, Maldeghem and Ursel in Belgium.
The internet has more uses than just porn.  Imagine that.
Yes, the Italian Air Force did participate in the Battle of Britain through an expeditionary force known as the Corpo Aereo Italiano (CAI). The CAI was formed on September 10, 1940, and it supported the German Luftwaffe during the final months of 1940. The force consisted of bombers like the Fiat BR.20 and fighters such as the Fiat CR.42 and G.50, but they were generally outclassed by the British aircraft. The CAI’s operations included a night raid on Harwich and Felixstowe on October 24, 1940, and a daylight bombing of Deal on October 29, 1940
What's your go to song to have sex to?
CBAT
Anything by Portishead
The Bad Touch - Bloodhound Gang
Business time. Flight of the Conchords
Hokey pokey up there. (Instructional)
Baby Shark
A replaying loop of “cotton eyed joe”
Boom, boom, boom by the outhere brothers
Enter sandman
I'll provide an actual answer instead of all this unfunny nonsense. Anything by Two Feet, Cigarettes After Sex, and PLAZA. Enjoy.
You can leave your hat on. Joe Cocker!
Hand In Glove.
Uno Dos Tres - Bassie & Adriaan
NIN happiness controls you
All that matters
Heat Waves (Slowed) by Glass Animals
ACDC - Back In Black Track 5
Crazy frog every time
Genie in the bottle - Christina Aguilera
The sound of balls slapping
Anything by the neighborhood. It's popular with most of the girls I get with, so it's easy to put it on. I also enjoy The Neighborhood.
Personal Favorites:
Pacer test
Marvin gaye
everything is awesome from the lego movie (2014)
No music
Personal Jesus by Depeche Mode when I was younger. Now Johnny Cash's version is more my speed.
I just had sex by lonely island
Not a song, but the album Millions Now Living Will Never Die by Tortoise has been a nice background.
AAAAALLLL BY MYSELFFFFFFFFFF....
shrek soundtrack
Stayin alive.
The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald
I just put on the lofi hip hop beats to study to stream. Rhythmic, chill, doesn't end or throw unfit songs into the playlist.
I beat the pussy up up up Up up ooo up
The cantina song from a new hope.
Usually no music. But if I had to choose it'd be "All my Life" by Kc and Jojo.
Gooey by glass animals! The whole album hits right for nakey time.
My mans moans
Anything off a Michael Jackson greatest hits album.
Side two of Physical Graffiti
Grandma got run over by a reindeer.
Horst wessel lied
I Should Be So Lucky
I like to move it, move it 🎵 😂
No thanks! I'm autistic so I can't listen to music with lyrics in the first place, as it distracts me and gets stuck in my head. I'd never get off if I had to try and concentrate to ignore the third person's voice in the room!
The only answer…
Hudson Mohawke represent!!! Still one of my favorites from the olden Reddit days
🎶 Nobody loves me…..it’s true….
OMG same... I just throw on a Portishead playlist when it's that time.
Who hurt you?
Alternatively: foxtrot unicorn Charlie kilo by bloodhound gang
Mine is just the instrumental acoustic version
Perfect 🥰
Geil
If it's NIN -
used to binge that album, still had to look up track listing. 🤣
Every time I heard the "ding ding ding ding" automatic nut
My god
This should be played after...
Olden days? That wasn't even 2 years ago
Ngl Benny hill theme would go hard too
Grandpa shark dudududu. Dm.
What are some really good writings you've come across on Reddit?
On r/nosleep - “I Was Abducted While Studying Abroad”. This was posted 7 years ago and it still haunts me.
Borrasca
They exist?
People who voted against unionizing their workplace, why did you vote against it?
One thing I don’t like about my job after joining the union was that they told my employer that my schedule that I loved had to change because it was allegedly illegal. I was working 7 days on, 7 days off, 9pm-8am Loved it because of the 7 days in a row off that I was getting and if I used 7 vacation days, it would be 3 weeks in a row off. And since it was overnight, I could maintain that overnight shift schedule and then change over to “day time” Now my schedule is 11pm-7am, and I have the friday before my weekend working and the Monday after my weekend working off. So stupid.
This was when I was in grad school (RA+student, paid researcher in a science lab basically). The particular group that was trying to start a grad student union was outright making things up about our pay, benefits, etc. as if they just were going off a template. We actually had it pretty good, but they mostly just focused on saying how bad we had it that was pretty ungrounded. I’m generally very pro-union and still am, but that one instance did show me that the rhetoric about unions resorting to scummy political tactics, even in a science field, were not entirely unfounded like I had dismissed as standard anti-union talking points. Unionization failed when it came to a vote. While I’m still supportive of unions in general, I’m a lot more tempered about them after that experience and picking up on rhetoric I’ve seen other unions using at times. It could be the scientist in me too that just has a low tolerance for rhetoric regardless of source too.
I work for a large employer (12,000 employees.) Some positions are union and some are non union. One thing that surprised me over the years. There are people who just cannot stomach the idea of making the same amount of money as their coworkers. They will literally go to a non union job that makes LESS money. Than live with equal pay. They will literally say "I will make less money as long as I know that "useless" employee next to me makes less than me. They will also admit that getting an "attaboy" from their boss or a monetary award or plaque is more important than a higher wage. As a person who grew up in union country going to non union area is super strange.
I'm in a union now and its fine. All the good stuff the union did happened decades before I started working. Every agreement we lose more and more of our benefits and get smaller and smaller raises. The union protected obsolete jobs for years and until recently the company has been greatly falling behind the industry. When I first started in 2008, there were old timers there who's sole duty was to staple papers and put them in an envelope making double what i was doing. Since then many of them have retired or forced to retire and we have seen whole department get axed and the union couldn't do anything about it. I'd be all for a union back in the 70s but the one I'm in now is all bark and no bite. Why am I paying $20 a paycheck in union dues when there's hardly anything they do for us. And our pay and benefits are slightly worse than industry standards.
The union for my field (television) is basically a gofundme for high profile journalists to sue networks who sack them for stepping out of line. It doesn’t get involved in anything that impacts the 99% of us that actually do the work and get treated like shit. Like… I generally would side with those journalists against the networks, but the union does fuck all for the staff doing unsocial hours, unpaid overtime, etc. Go off with your moral crusade for the truth, but I’m not going to fund your legal defense when I’m having to work unpaid hours to actual facilitate said crusade.
Because our company was already going through financial troubles and most of the workers knew a union would cause it to fold. A crappy job is usually better than no job.
Many of my colleagues are useless and don't deserve employment
I’ve never voted in a unionization vote, but have worked in union shops - food workers union for grocery store jobs and a stint doing overnight package sorting at a UPS depot, a teamsters shop. I’ve seen a lot of good things happen because of the union - but a lot of bullshit things too, such as being forced to transfer stores when I was harassed and assaulted by a coworker because he had seniority, management being completely unable to do anything about lazy and incompetent workers (that nearly resulted in me suffering broken bones), union leadership doing very little for their paychecks and actually quoting bible verses to justify the hatred of those that cross picket lines, etc. union reps “encouraging” people to vote certain ways in the election of 2000. Good stuff too - the UPS job was a 5 hour shift 5 days a week that offered full medical coverage and overtime pay if we went past our scheduled time. Tuition reimbursement. At the grocery store I was a courtesy clerk (bagger) and if asked to step in and cashier I’d get paid for that time as a cashier - a difference of $3/hr. I currently work for the government in an “essential to the continuance of government” designated job…so if the rank and file of the government I work for unionized I’m not sure how I’d vote or how my life would change if say a strike was called. I’d have to reserve judgement as to how I’d vote if I was eligible, seeing why they want to unionize (I’m paid well for my job, I have good benefits, I have ample time off, I work 95% from home), and how they go about doing it.
It was a selfish decision, I was a relatively new hire and knew I would only be there for six months at most, and most unions run a lot of benefits by seniority, I didn't want to be back to being low man on the totem pole.
The union (grad student) was useless. They were proud of getting our parking fees waved, while we were at the same time the lowest paid grad students in the state.
I don't trust union leadership to make decisions, it's trading one frustration for another.
The local factory will forever be my favorite story of union busting gone idiot. They were going to hold a vote and bribed members with a pizza party, and sadly I'm not kidding. They bragged about how they were convincing people to vote against the union with said pizza party and they were equally shocked when they got investigated for it. Like, bless Ohio or whatever, but I think the corns bleed them dry.
Job I used to work with had a guy in management who mysteriously got promoted out of nowhere after voting no to a union. No one ever said outright he got promoted for voting no, but it was generally understood. He ended up getting fired for embezzlement, almost as if having a manager who you know is willing to fuck others over for personal gain is a bad idea.
Because I'd rather be promoted based on merit rather than time served.
Because, like most idiots, I fell for the anti-union propaganda talking points.
On multiple occasions the organizers straight up lied to us about what they were negotiating. Their primary focus was closing the deal so they could say they unionized. Eventually we got rid of those people and the union brought in new negotiators but it cost us time. I was against that union specifically until they brought in the new guys. There were always issues with the union, but generally I felt like someone had my back when it came to my boss tried to discipline us for things that weren't our fault.
they wanted to keep too much of my take home pay...fuck that. I wasn't going to be at that place for life. it was just some place to get by for now.
Three reasons. Work rules make it impossible to get anything accomplished. Protecting the worst most incompetent employees is bad for everyone who is a good employee. Most of all, not wanting my money used for campaign contributions to politicians I don’t support.
I'm pro-union for normal jobs, but vehemently against any kind of organized regulatory body for freelance. I'd lose money because the structure I work under is actually quite meritocratic, so if any kind of organizational structure were to come in and say, "Hey, this is how much everyone has to get paid," then my pay would be cut in half to make sure some mouth breathers who won't make it past their first contract renewal period can make money they don't deserve. All I want, all I have ever wanted is a decent social safety net, but the greedy shitlords in this country won't let us have that, so yeah, I can't afford to let my income get wrecked being a team player.
I worked at a hotel that was union, and scheduling, hours, etc was all based on seniority, rather than ability or skill. So, you had people who had worked there for 20+ years and did the absolute bare minimum but still got a full 40 hour minimum and the shifts they wanted, rather than the newer people who wanted to do a good job and were clamoring for hours. I eventually left because I wasn't getting any hours and couldn't support myself, and took a job with a non-union hotel where I got as many hours as I wanted and was treated with respect my management, who I could actually talk to and negotiate with without having to go through a union rep who tbh didn't ever actually help me. When a few staff members at that hotel tried to get a union going, I was quite vocal about why I didn't want a union in, and said that if we did unionize, I wouldn't work there anymore. They never did unionize.
I want promotions and pay increases to be based on achievements and merits, not how long I have been at the company. Also, lazy workers should get fired.
Last job, the union reps seemed to team up with the bosses and do more harm than good to employees. They negotiated things employees had not mentioned at all in any sort of agreements. This job I already negotiated my salary above the market average and dont want another person in my pocket that will squander my money for politics I do not believe in.
Because when you are a better performer than the other people at your level, an EBA limits your earning potential.
In the late 80’s Reagan had broken the Unions, and then the leadership got flooded with a bunch of spoolies in leadership who were there to grab a buck. The companies were pilfering pensions and moving jobs overseas as fast as they could load the trucks, the Union bosses were in their pockets, and I had just got a factory gig in a “split shop”. All the old guard wanted me to sign up for the Union, but I told them flat out “I’m here for six months, put a wad of cash in my pocket, and I’m out of here”. And I was. I am a fan of Unions btw, I saw the before and after, and it was no joke that corporate greed hollowed whole parts of the country out- Those couple of generations who lived through that and had as their biggest aspiration a good job in a factory are left behind- and they’re the generations of angry white people who think people crossing the border took their jobs. I think the current trend and the quality of leadership with a pro Union President is a good thing for everybody-except the fat cats.
Because I don't want my union dues going to political parties.
I got confused because they said "Who doesn't not not want a union, and now who does not not want a union"
I didn't want to be forced to pay union dues.
Unionizing isnt always a good thing. Its a necessary thing for people to have to call out abusive workplaces but some people take that as a signal to try and get what they want instead of what they're worth.
I had a chance a long time ago and voted no. I felt my state laws protected me. I started working there at 17 and I'm in my 40's now and still love my job. I see where people with knee pads get promoted to jobs they cannot do or suck at where I'm at I know a union would just make it worse. The laundry department unionized. Before the union they had a lot of contacts. They lasted 4 years before they shut down from being over budget and they lost all their contacts. They went from running 3 continuous batch tunnel washers to shut down due to the union in 4 years.
It’s sad how corrupt unions are, I’d never join one. Politicians use them for votes. And if I had a business where I employed people I’d make them all sign contacts that say they can’t unionize. I’d pay for the most benefits I can afford for them and give them fair hours so there’d be no reason to unionize. There are good businesses out there.
I used to work for a place with a union. Had to do split shifts totaling 8.5 hours a day. Had benefits and was being trained for the next step which would have been straight hours, better pay and better shifts. The union then agreed that workers doing the split shift could not be scheduled for overtime. So you could only work either the 3 hour shift or the 5.5 hour shift. Lost full time, benefits and the future career
The particular union I voted against joining has a long history of protecting shitbags
I wasn't sure it would be fair to the business owners. I certainly wouldn't want the business owners to form a union against the workers.
Some things should remain ionized.
Upper management had a few of the old heads (mid 50s, been with the company 15+ years) who us younger kids (early to mid 20s) really respected wine and dine us while bad mouthing unions. They were like 'Trust us, if it doesn't improve- we can always vote in the union next year. But once they're in, you can't get rid of them. Let's give them one more chance to get it together'. So we did. Most of us voted no and we did not get the union. The main old head dropped dead of a sudden heart attack a few weeks after the vote. His office was cleared out by the end of the day. Management wasn't even going to make an announcement about his death but someone yelled at them during a meeting and they scrambled and we at least had a moment of silence for him. I was young and dumb, and would vote to unionize in a heartbeat if we could drum up the support for it again.
A lot of ignorance in the comments so far, let’s see how this progresses
Because I wanted to strategically position myself into a high wage and increased benefits/bonuses and if I was considered with the rest of the pack it wouldn’t have mattered what I did:
I didn’t want to pay the dues
I didn't want to get fired
I never voted against but I wouldn't bother with a union either. Unions are almost useless in Canada on my level of existence. They're good for government workers sometimes.
I’m concerns about potential negative impacts on job security
ITT: People who enjoy the taste of boot.
I'm not for unions in the Public sector. The government is, largely, not trying to make a profit with it's workers; so there is not nearly the same incentive there is in the private sector to milk work out of employees with out appropriate compensation. Government employees are providing a service that is needed for the community. Unions in government jobs make it hard to hold people accountable for poor performance. People can truly be awful at their jobs and face no repercussions. Compare that to the private sector, where companies fuck over their employees as much as they can possibly get away with. Unions are needed there, because the company is trying to make a profit and is not particularly invested in the well being of their workers beyond them making money for the company. Their end goal is not the smooth functioning of some part of society, even if they are producing a valuable resource. Their end goal is to make as much money as possible in any way possible.
Because they protect people who shouldn't be protected. Like drunks (guy literally came to work drunk, almost ran over myself and another worker with a forklift, damaged several pallets of product, reported him to manager and union Rep, and they "sent him home to sober up"), harassers, etc.
While I support unions generally, I am dead set against government employees having one.
I'm in a higher position don't personally need it
I get it on my own
Because it’s a total scam and they prey on people’s fears. I think they takes advantage of people!
I work in a solar panel. (badum, tssh) edit; ooh, tough crowd tonight. I was hoping we'd have more chemistry. if I hadn't immediately given away the joke, would anyone have thought I meant it unionically? Ah, nah, but you're a great audience, really. Hey, have a drink on me! I mean it; no charge.
Cuz onion bad! Dure
9pm-8pm is wildly illegal, 23 hours straight 7 days in a row.
I’m only a little sad that this is a legitimate story and not a fantastic wind-up for an ionization joke. Mentioning the science lab primed me for it.
I was pro union in grad school and would've voted for it (the vote happened after I left) but the people running it were true wingnuts. Pestering folks in administration demanding data about students that would've violated FERPA, had administration complied with the request, and using the administration's noncompliance as the basis for an assertion of a lack of transparency and good faith.
That's too bad. I can't think of a field more desperately in need of unionization than the grad students, post-docs, and techs/RAs that keep this machine moving. As an example, as a grad student part of my stipend requirements one semester was to teach an intro course. There were 500 students paying $3600 for the course. I was making 24k/year. We actually had a union, but it also represented the faculty. Massive conflict of interest. But shitty issues aside, unions and collective bargaining are the best/only tool we have to improve the lives of workers. We should engage in improving them.
Are you sure you were getting the same compensation package as they were?
This happened to a family member. Group of people finally got the momentum going for voting in a union amongst employees in a blue collar industry in a red state. Then they started going way off script. Unionization failed by a landslide and I doubt they’ll ever get that momentum ever again. Sad.
collective bargaining is always a good idea, but it is true that people make money off of it.
This is the individualism that we suffer from, smh
I have an in-law like this. He likes to brag about how he takes on more responsibilities at work and doesn’t want more pay.
Does your union not get to vote on your contracts?
This is the biggest reason I've heard at my job (I did vote for the union, though). There were some pretty clear issues with the employer, which started the push for unionization, but now that stuff is mostly cleared up a lot of the shitty employees are just using it as a forum to whine and waste everyone's time. I'm still all for the union, but I can definitely see both sides.
I've worked at union places with lazy or incapable people who were next to impossible to fire. And they knew they couldn't be fired, which made it even worse. Plus raises and promotions were based on how long you were there, not how good you did the job, so it's not like hard work was rewarded. Non union place, the people making twice as much work for everybody else were gone very quickly. Meanwhile, I got several promotions and pay increases that would have taken a much longer time at a unionized place.
Same. I don't mind protecting the ones that try their hardest and still have a rough time. I don't want people who are lazy and useless to be protected.
That’s beef too. I accidentally found out how much my useless colleague was making. I was pissed. I was spending half my time fixing his mistakes and yet we were getting paid roughly the same.
Another potential reason UBI will be better for society. Imagine everyone you work with actually wants to be there and work on something together. Those that don't... could be at home with UBI.
Yeah my summary is the union is nice for workers rights - they negotiated a couple nice wage increases on top of my normal increases over the 4 years I was in a grocery store union. The big downside is garbage workers are very hard to fire. Almost... maybe even does, make the better money not worth it.
Seniority based raises, promotions, and benefits are a joke.
That sounds like self interest, not selfish. Seniority systems absolutely suck for everyone except those on top. It really sucks if you are a good worker and you get stuck in a bad role because of seniority.
In a union you get to vote for your leadership. If the body doesn’t like the direction the leadership is taking the union, then they can vote other people for leadership in the next election.
Every answer in this thread so far has been a variation of this answer but with extra fluff to make the posters feel smarter and more justified. Kudos to you my man for having the clarity to see it and the balls to admit it.
Yeah, mine is like $1500 a year or something like that. They are pushing my limits, but overall I like being part of a union.
how much do they wanted to keep? per pay period, weekly, by weekly ?
Just a note on the last one: I don't think unions can give money to campaigns unless they have a separate fund for that, and in our union you have to opt into it by agreeing to pay extra a month on top of your dues. I'm glad to be able to do it because my working conditions are VERY dependent on state legislation and so lobbying for better laws is one of the most impactful things my union can do for me.
The concept of schedule being based on a seniority does make sense because each company wants employees on each shift. How do you determine who gets what shift? Especially if everyone is raising their hand saying they want a morning shift. If does feel shitty being the junior person, but the idea is that if you view it as a career, you’ll eventually be the senior one. I do not believe seniority should have a bearing on how much work someone should be doing. Just for scheduling, vacations, overtime.
Yeah part of me tends to think that unions foster complacency. People already in lots of jobs (and school) are prone to slack and get away with the bare minimum. Stripping achievement bonuses and paying everyone the same would just make that even worse. Now you have an entire team of slackers and the company turns into an irrelevant IBM.
I never got the chance to vote on it, but this was why I wasn't a fan of the union where I worked. Lousy workers stuck around forever because they knew they weren't going to be fired. Good workers got out because we knew we'd never be rewarded for our work in a system that ran on seniority.
Did you get a higher raise than a union would have got you to reflect that potential some time after voting no?
In an idealized meritocracy, this would be very true. But in the real world, people dont get paid what they deserve or what they work for: they get paid what they get paid. You'll find that some people earn significantly more than you just because they were there longer, but that doesn't make them better workers in any measure. In fact, its not uncommon for the best workers to be blacklisted for promotions because theyre too hard to replace but the business wont pay them extra for staying. Thats without even touching on the rampant nepotism and internal politics that plagues the entire working world. I totally get it, I hate rewarding lazy people as much as anyone, but we dont live in a fair world where people get what they earned. They get what they get, not what they deserve. Id rather elevate the knuckledraggers along with me than stay at the bottom earning more than them but still not earning a living wage.
Always seem strange to me that people post a top level comment disagreeing with... some comment. Why not post a reply to the one you don't agree with?
It seems to be mostly "I do not wanted others who I think are incompetent idiots to have benefits, so I gave up on having them myself".
So many people happy to actively work against themselves so that their big bosses can keep pocketing all the profits they make off their backs. Amazing how effective corporate propaganda and brainwashing is. But hey, I’m sure their workplaces are different than all the others and they’re actually a “family” and they get pats on the head from corporate every now and then (and maybe even a pizza party when they’re extra productive). Good for them.
It would be nice if they had more teeth I live in BC and we keep having cranes collapse trucks hit overpasses and people die in confined spaces, unions should in theory enforce workplace standards and theory.
Can we finally bury this tired-ass meme comment from 2015? It was clever the first time, now its lame. And you're just parroting a lame phrase, not contributing anything.
Or the place would fold with unionization and everyone would lose their jobs
Have you... have you ever talked to a teacher about their working conditions?
Without public sector unions, governments would fuck over their employees every bit as much as the private sector does. Maybe even worse. Governments are constantly trying to cut employee benefits, freeze or cut salaries, contract out full-time positions, nickel and dime their employees, etc. The only thing stopping them is the unions. No, they're not motivated by profits, but they are motivated by votes, and they get votes essentially by promising to spend or save money. They generally try to find those dollars at the expense of their employees, exactly the same as corporations.
Unions are there because people want to get as much work for as little money as possible. This doesn't change in the public sector when the goal isn't profit.
This is a stupid take. Government workers get abused like crazy from politicians and private individuals. Working for the government is hard (I have friends that do so), and the amount of shit they put up with just to do their jobs is ridiculous. They’re still working there because they actually care and want to serve the citizens that pay taxes, but they shouldn’t be forced to sacrifice their health and wellbeing for 40% under industry average pay and meh benefits because literally no one else wants to do those jobs and they feel obligated to serve the people since no one else will. You have no idea what public sector work is like.
Unions in government jobs also serve another vital function: they’re a liaison between the employees and the massive bureaucracies. Consider a teacher, for example… their benefits package is a mixture of stuff provided by the state, sometimes the county, and the local school district. They might be eligible for federal tax credits or subsidies or grants for things in their classroom or even for employment-related expenses. There might be private companies like credit unions or insurance companies that offer special deals to teachers. The teachers union is the one place whose job it is to look out for the teachers, so they will be able to be a resource for those teachers in letting them know what all is available to them. Public unions are also helpful because they can help public employees know and understand how the system works if there’s a conflict or a dispute. The system of rules and regulations in a public agency around hiring and discipline and firing and employee code of conduct and how to file a grievance… it’s insanely complicated. You call this office for sexual harassment but if it happened in a secure location you also have to notify the POC for this section and then you need to call this person or that person and it’s just all a mess. So who do you call when you have a problem? Your union rep. For very, very large corporations and for public sector, unions can often serve as an ombudsman to help employers navigate complex systems.
Then we shouldn't have corporations either.
Ah lol, 9pm-8am.
Hospital doctors and firefighters work 24-hour shifts, but I believe they're allowed to sleep on the job.
Why should it be? Their body, their choice Edit: I knew redditors were crazy, but holy shit yall are insane
Why couldn't the politicians attend the experiment on electromagnetism? They're too polarizing
"Grad students were desperately in need of a union" ... "We actually had a union, but it was shitty." Unions are often shitty, especially when they're "public" unions, i.e. unions representing employees of the government, since the government is spending taxpayer money, not their own money.
Did you pay for your masters on top of that? Or was that tuition paid for as part of being a TA?
It was pretty standardized across the university. Basically a free no-deductible health insurance (basically a Cadillac plan), and we were in some of the top stipends for grad students compared to other universities. That and full tuition-waiver. We all pretty much had living expenses covered while getting a Masters or PhD. Departments would either cover the cost or else it was done through grants. Back then to hire a grad student, you had to plan on having $60k+ per year available. What the union was doing was basically trying to rile people up with misleading numbers related to all that, which is why I mentioned it seemed like they were working off a template rather than looking at what we were dealing with in reality. Definitely not an organization I’d want representing me when serious issues actually came up. Ironically they would have been defeating the whole purpose of a union and just adding another level of bureaucracy to deal with in a university system that already had plenty of that.
Exactly, as a PhD in a non-Econ social science, I’ll say the pay discrepancies across the fields can be huge even if “pretty standardized across the university.” People in labs that bring in external funding tend to be some of the highest paid. In my (elite private) school, the “standard” pay is $33k (we’re located in a big city), which only really standardizes the pay of those of us receiving the minimum (generally people in the humanities and non-Econ social sciences; some people in theoretical sciences are close to this, but still better paid). In other departments, especially positive sciences, people are making $12k+ more than us.
Because collective bargaining that police unions perform is "always" a good idea, right? /s
It's pathological. Their most common response is "Look at Dave. that lazy fuck gets away with murder. Meanwhile I have to bust my ass right next to him for the same pay. If he didn't have the union protecting him he'd be gone." Then I point to my copy of the Union Contract sitting on my desk and say "point to me where it says that in the contract." "Go ask the union president if they can stop management from firing some one for not working?" Then I point to another guy who is non-union and a lazy sack of shit and say; "Why hasn't that guy been fired?" He's not union and he's even worse. All of this is managements doing." Their response: "Nope. Union bad."
There are so many American myths that’s are just so deeply ingrained.
We do. Everyone goes along with it.
How did the union contract make it impossible for management to fire people? Specifically please
...You guys are getting raises and promotions?!
I hate your last sentence lol. People have to be productive to have any value or be protected! Every man for himself is what's sinking us right now IMO.
Yeah i dont want my taxes to go to some asshole Thats perfectly capable of working, but doesnt want to
Being paid to do nothing out of your pocket as a contributing member of society. Fuck that.
Pretty much. There was a time that without question unions were 100% needed and made immense strides towards what we enjoy today. Hell - a great great grandfather of mine was one of the people who helped organize the group of miners in Colorado whose standoff with the government led to the Ludlow Massacre. They have their places and needs today. But there’s a lot of case study on how power can corrupt in them.
I mean self interest is inherently selfish. I don't necessarily regret my decision or think it was wrong.
Believing that unions are always good or bad is asinine.
The question is, what's your actual compensation with the union vs if the shop was independent?
When I was in a UAW shop, it was one hour of straight time per paycheck. 1/80 or 1.25% of your gross pay.
when i was in a union it was 20 dollars a week, we were being payed 10-20 dollars more than our non union competitors. it was a good deal. the money couldn't be used for political donations unless you specifically choose to donate to their pac seperately, which i did and it was another 5 dollars a week. entirely worth it.
right, its calculated, deducted per bi-weekly pay period depending on your worktime status/hours etc.
The problem is that money doesn't just go to lobbying for better working conditions laws. I'm very pro second amendment, and union money flows into gun control. That's a hard no for me.
Yes, and significantly more than people in the union. In fact was able to get a role change that would not have been possible if I had been in the EBA.
I agree there is no perfect system. And maybe a rising tide lifts all boats in a greater societal sense, but on a micro level, it's a very hard pill to swallow, to not be paid more for doing more and better work.
This maybe applies 90% of the time but potentially in their case (and in mine) in roles such as tech high performers are typically well looked after and it is a known tactic to make yourself a key person dependency to elicit significant pay rises. I've done this myself on occasion and it's worked. Fundamentally unions are for sectors and industries where the supply and demand market forces work against employees and for employers, if you're not in one of those sectors (e.g. tech) then unions may do more harm than good to your career
Best part about it is that they miss how they themselves are the incompetent idiots to someone else. Vicious cycle that destroys class consciousness.
I mean in my country it’s not unheard of that unions agree to paycuts or similar things if the company experiences hardships
That's true, teachers and military get fucked over pretty hard. But there is a ton more government than teaching.
I have a few friends that work for a government agency that isn’t unionized. The amount of corruption, low pay, toxic work environment, harassment, and outright illegal employment practices they put up with just trying to do their jobs is obscene. They’re trying to unionize right now explicitly because the politicians running their agency abuse tf out of their non-union staff and take advantage of them. They get paid 40% less than comparable union employees in other agencies.
So something I learned from my public sector friends: it’s still all about money. Departments can and do hoard their budgets and use that money as a way to advance the careers of a few in the drivers seats even at the cost of employee raises, benefits, and safety. It’s rarer to see because most government agencies are unionized, but there’s a few that aren’t. Look at the activities of those agencies. There’s one agency in my state government for example that isn’t unionized, and I have friends that work there. What’s common is for directors and managers of various offices to hoard their budgets by preventing their staff from getting pay raises, refusing to hire for open positions and pushing the work onto existing staff, and preventing them from actually getting credentials that would force the agency to pay them more. Instead, they hoard their budgets to fund programs certain politicians or higher ups want, or hold their budgets to transfer to other offices when they need the money, in exchange for favors or influence. It’s all technically legal because they’re doing it as part of their legal duties, but they’re maximizing what programs get funded and how they get funded to ensure they build personal and professional relationships with other politicians so they can move up the ranks to higher level positions that pay more and carry more power. This is how mid level managers and executives in the public sector tend to operate. Unions can throw a massive wrench into these systems by forcing departments to expend budgets on things like employee development and retention, giving them less money to hoard. Because they have to keep programs operational to justify their existence, it ultimately means that unions make it very difficult for a middle manager or low level executive to play these budget hoarding games.
Yeah I was an EMT that whole you'll get to sleep is bullshit. I've worked back to back 24s with maybe 3 hrs of sleep it was brutal and the pay is terrible for the shit we did.
My wife will work wildly long hours as a surgeon. If people didn't like it then fuck you, die.
And then they fall asleep at the wheel driving home and crash into someone. Their body their choice, until their choice can kill someone.
Should I be able to sell my kidney as well?
Those challenges are not like some special feature of unions. That's just what adults recognize as the hard work of building a better society. This country, man. Insanely low levels of participation in voting, local government, unions, etc etc because Americans want their options to either be absolute utopian perfection or they'll settle for being fucked in the ass.
This was a doctorate. In US tuition is typically covered in stem, at least for phd. In return you give the university a few hundred thousand worth in teaching per semester, and for your PI/mentor you act as a free research technician generating data, papers, grants, etc.
Im surprised its consistent across departments, our minimum pay is set but some depts are higher some arent and assistantships/stipends are not guarenteed in many depts (especialy over summer). I thought depts acted differently at most unis
Did you ever confirm that with your coworkers?
Well it’s great for the union members.
We have lazy sacks of shit that don't get fired at my place and we're not union.
Same at our union. Our union president tells everyone to reject the first draft but they just vote it in to get it over with I guess? The didn't even uphold our raise structure accounting for inflation that same year and they still voted it through. I work with a lot of dumb people.
Do you think people should be able to just sit around, do zero to little work, and get paid as much or get the same protections as the hardworking people on the team?
I mean, we pay one way or another. Either that asshole gets UBI and keeps to himself, or that asshole ends up doing crime and victims pay, insurance rates go up, and we pay \50k a year to keep them in prison. I'd rather they just get UBI and keep out of the way.
Already is in a lot of cases at least in this scenario you're getting some too.
We're getting to the point where being a consumer is one of the most useful things we can do, sadly. Gotta keep that 'comony goin!
I'm in public education, so the union has been in place for a long long time. I think they have provided a greater benefit over my last 6 years with them than if we had no union, but it's hard to quantify for sure.
That was what it was when I worked a UAW job. It felt very fair.
So... You were paid 20 more. Union fee is 20, and you donated another 5? Which mean you are down 5 compared to no union?
But what makes you think those other government departments wouldn't also fuck over their employees if they didn't have a union?
You may not be aware but Trump and the Republicans are talking about essentially firing all government employees who don't swear fealty to him. Is that what you mean by being fucked over?
Lol I would not compare working conditions for teachers to those of the military.
It's absolutely criminal what they pay EMT's. Barely above minimum wages for saving people's lives. It's disgusting.
Yeah I don’t think people realize the world is held together by people who work insane hours. People also sign up for it knowingly.
I’m a surgeon and just finished 3 straight weeks of consecutive call
At the very least surgeons are adequately compensated for their time. Can't say the same for most of these jobs.
Fuck no, lmao. You always have the chance to kill someone while driving, so I guess we should never drive. Stop trying to restrict people's freedom
yes
Yes
What kind of question is this? It's your body, do what you want with it
> In US tuition is typically covered in stem, at least for phd. In return you give the university a few hundred thousand worth in teaching per semester, and for your PI/mentor you act as a free research technician generating data, papers, grants, etc. A few hundred thousand in teaching per semester? Do you know what adjuncts get paid?
Hilarious that you thought you should be making a few hundred thousand per semester. You have a doctorate, you should know better.
Can you elaborate on what you mean by "a few hundred thousand" in teaching?
At many public schools (I only know the University of California by experience) if you get an assistanceship (teaching or research) then the pay and benefits are strictly determined. No difference between departments and no negotiating. What is very different across departments is how many students can get teaching or research assistanceships.
I guess the vote is evidence enough that even if OP had a better deal, the majority appreciated what they had.
You’re basically re-asking the same question I already answered in my previous reply. Pay was standardized pretty much just by whether you were doing a Masters or PhD and that was pretty transparent. As a public employee, you could even go look up the entire university’s salaries if you wanted.
It was so long ago but I think our union offered us a bonus for voting yes the year we lost our 100% free healthcare.
Let's introduce you to upper-management!
Or yknow he gets a fucking job? You think everyone that’s currently is there because they WANT TO BE THERE? No, they do it because they need money
per hour. i started making 18 and made 30 per hour within 4 years. non union was paid 10 until they got into managment at which pint they made around 15.
They probably mean they were paid $20/he more than their non-union counterparts.
This math ain't mathin. Though I'm sure they're just talking about a 20-dollar increase in what they are now paid compared to competitors and chose to give 5 dollars to the political party.
Ok, I see people just feel like being ornery. I did not compare them as if they were the same job. But both are fucked over by the government.
Without sounding rude, this sounds like something that a person who was never in the military might think. There's a TON of jobs in the military that are extremely similar, or easier, than many civilian jobs. Especially when the country is not at war, most jobs are just like a 9-5, with very good benefits. I'd much prefer to go back to being enlisted than have to pay out the ass for a bachelors or even a masters to make 50k a year.
We mitigate risks with things like speed limits and traffic lights. There's no way to mitigate the damage of someone falling asleep at the wheel, but we can reduce the risk of it happening by preventing things like working 24 straight hours and then having to drive.
Restricting things like work hours has made a massive amount of freedom for you. Back in the day if you wanted a blue collar job, the vast majority of employers would not hire you unless you would work 10 or more hours per day. Now that they mostly aren't allowed to do that, most jobs expect 8hrs per day, and you thereby gain a huge amount of freedom. Most freedoms don't come for free, they require a loss of another freedom. People who think they're all about freedom are usually just about deregulation, and they have zero concept of how and why those regulations came in. There are still jobs you can take if you really want to work more hours. Or you can take multiple jobs. There are ways to get more. But companies cannot band together and force large swathes of workers to work at their pace. Regulations usually exist to limit the power that large corporations can exercise over you, without regulations you are dwarfed by the unimaginable power imbalance between you and big industry. Without regulations, big industries would swallow all small businesses with the ease of a gorilla gulping her fiftieth banana of the day.
There’s also right and wrong. Prostituting ur body is wrong. Just because it’s ur body doesn’t mean u should do that. Also using ur body to break a law like choking someone; it’s your body so you can do what u want with it doesn’t work here.
So, you never directly discussed your pay with the people you just assumed were lying.
What if you ignored what they were doing and just focused on yourself instead?
right but that is the point. Under UBI everybody will still need to work to get money for the things they actually enjoy like travel, entertainment, fashion, etc. The main change is that it will force out abusive employers because employees can quit for a few weeks/months to look for a new job without having to worry about basic survival. In the places where UBI has been experimented with, the only people that leave the workforce long term are parents of very young children who leave work to be fulltime caretakers (then go back to work when the child is old enough to go to school) or students who choose not to work while perusing professional certifications (ostensibly, for their careers) The idea often used to fearmonger people against UBI: that some of us will work harder to pay for others to stay home, but that we will all have the same quality of life, is just a wildly inaccurate portrait of what actual UBI models are advocating for.
Thanks. This clears things up.
You got me there. Never in the military. But both of my parents are retired teachers. I can see my mom at age 60 being a teacher, but not in the army.
1) Completely different. It's not your road, so it's not your choice 2) No one said they were driving. So why restrict others because someone COULD be driving home 3) Where do you draw the line? Do you also believe in the criminalization of drugs? You shouldn't be able to restrict what so one does with their body because of something that could happen. Crimes should be punished after they happen, not before
> Prostituting ur body is wrong. Nope. Nothing wrong with that > Just because it’s ur body doesn’t mean u should do that. No one said you should do it, just that you should be able to > Also using ur body to break a law like choking someone; it’s your body so you can do what u want with it doesn’t work here. Nope, now that's someone else's body, so it's not your choice
Because i wanna focus on my taxes not being wasted? Tf?
Really? When has it ever worked? What places are you talking about?
That was a bit of my point. You can join the military and be a cook, work in finance, work in a gym, you can even be a flight attendant. After your first few years, you can move off base, meaning they will give you a housing allowance, they give you a food allowance, completely free healthcare. As a random example, after 4 years of service, and a rank of E-4, as a military member living in West Phoenix, AZ (Luke AFB), your regular pay is $3,066.30 a month. You get an additional, tax free housing allowance of $1,572 if you're single, $2,097 if you have a dependent. A tax free food allowance of $460.25. That's roughly 29-30 bucks an hour before taxes if you're a single person with no dependents, or 32 an hour if you have a dependent. That also includes your free healthcare benefits, and after 20 years, a government pension. So, in 4 years, what would be considered a standard 4 year college program, you can make a degree level of money a year, with a high school diploma. The military has it's downsides, but when you consider that 1 in 3 workers in the USA make less than 15 an hour, with basically zero benefits, it's really not that bad.
But this isn't about taxes? It's employer wages. Unless you're employed by the government, taxes aren't paying your wage. Your saying you'd rather someone by down a lower peg than you even if it meant your quality of life is lower? That's your priority?
Where THE FUCK do you think UBI would come from? When did i mention employer wages? Im talking about ubi
Who are your favorite female comedians?
Maria Bamford
Jennifer Saunders, Aisling Bea, Roisin Conaty, Diane Morgan, Catherine Tate, Judy Love and Ellie Taylor
Taylor Tomlinson probably
Lucille Ball and Carol Burnett
Kathleen Madigan is hysterical
Tig Notaro and my mom.
My coworker
Amy Schumer, Kathy Griffin and Sarah Silverman
Since when did the strippers are allowed to tell jokes?
haven't started checking her out yet, but what I've seen was jaw dropping... an artist in full control of delivery, rhythm, stage.. wow dude... certainly on my watchlist regarding chicks
What your opinion on child beauty pageants ?
Can we get rid of them?
Negative.
Shouldn't exist
I think this is low effort ragebait for redditors.
kind of like dog shows
It's honestly pretty weird. I've even heard some parents make their kids fast so they look skinny.
Get rid of them
A very gross thing that only gives creeps a place to see what they want to see legally.
They are wrong. Children shouldn't focus on their looks, it's toxic and sad
Abuse
Rarely there is black and white things in the world. But child beauty pageants clearly are toxic af
Paedo magnets
I don’t like them; they make kids grow up too fast, and give them the wrong idea about body image. I also don’t like the attitudes of the parents, they’re just so toxic. Then there’s what happened with Jon-Benet Ramsey, and they attract pedophiles.
Dont know why theyre legal. Theyre fucked up in so many ways
Pedophiles invented them
They sexualize children. Plus, the kids are exploited and are unable to have normal healthy childhoods.
Not my kid so I dgaf
Dog shows are somewhat acceptable compared to child pagents. At least dogs show off tricks. Parents just make their kids look attractive to kiddy fiddlers and nobody else.
What’s the biggest siege in history?
After a simple google search… survey says!  You all can stop typing now.
imo? Leningrad WW2. dunno tho.
Leningrad the longest
Malta.
the one on JFKS dome
If there were Olympics for kids, what event would your childhood self win a gold in?
Being a dumbass, shit I sometimes stay up till 3am thinking about it
Stealing. And I would of stolen the gold beforehand.
The one where you frog hop over each other
Getting to the cookies before my siblings.
Awkwardness
I’d think I could’ve jumped the highest off a swing with perfect dismount. I took that shit very seriously as a middle child. Trying to get that famed parental attention lol.
Jumping up and down on the sofa.
I'd take home the gold in hot metal door
Would you say the girls that emigrate from your country aren't the prettiest? If so, why?
If they emigrate how would I know them
If they’re girls (vs. adults), then it’s likely that their parents moved somewhere and they had to go as well. Same for boys.
No. I don’t find people pretty or ugly.
yeah, we keep the best looking ones here
What kinda f up question is this?
How did this question get past the MODS?!
Profile does NOT check out.
I would like to know, because the modbot auto deleted my simple question this morning when I asked why there were so many A-holes and trolls on Reddit. I asked and a mod said I was asking a question that violated their rules. But then this? I’m stumped. I thought I had a legitimate question, compared to this shit.
What's the most ridiculous thing you've ever done in the name of procrastination?
4 hour video of fnaf lore so I didn't have to do a 20 slide PowerPoint, was not worth it
Reorganizing my books, spices, bathroom drawer. “Clean house clear mind” is just the motto of a professional procrastinators.
I was gonna answer this... maybe later.
What's the opposite of dickhead?
Pussyfoot.
I swear, I saw this as a post in r/3AMjokes a while ago, but OP… Do you know the opposite of dickhead?
Pussyfoot or cuntfoot
Face vulva
Pussyass
Fuck wit
Clithead.
Good cunt
Heart mind?
Cunt
A nice person
A fuckhole.
uvula
Bussey Boots
Tailiens 4.
Ball sack
Pussyclit
The opposite of “dickhead”, a term often used to describe someone who is rude or obnoxious, could be a term that describes someone who is kind, considerate, or respectful. Terms like “gentleman” or “kind soul” could be considered opposites. Remember, language can vary greatly based on cultural context and personal interpretation.
Richard feet
100%..you didn't pussyfoot around with your answer
Or cameltoe 😂
If you could time travel to any time period in history where would you go and why?
I’ve always been fascinated with the RMS Titanic & always been in love with her beautiful design and because of that if I could time travel any where in history I would love to see the RMS Titanic in person not to travel but I would love to tour the beautiful ocean liner.
13 billion years ago and be violently sick into space.
The air of the 1920 seems interesting. It's a time of paradigm change where technology already set foot but heads were thinking wild still. Also bank robberies were possible
To a time without the internet or tv or even radio. I want to relearn how to enjoy simple existence without feeling like I’m missing out on the internet jokes or crazy stories. But there’s the whole “women didn’t have any rights” part of all those times which would be a real bummer.
I would want to see where the world is at in 100 years.
The 1950’s. I’d like to see what life was like for my parents when they were kids.
The Titanic would have been a cool choice but I would have traveled to the ‘60.
Thank you. In my opinion I always been in awe of how beautiful the RMS Titanic is and would always think that she’s more beautiful than the modern cruise ships of today. The 60s sounds like a cool choice as well by the way.
How would a person go about getting better at articulating their thoughts and feelings?
Learn how to make analogies. A good one for struggling with depression is swimming in an ocean, and no one is there to help. Just dumb it down using an analogy, and suddenly, they understand.
your thoughts and feelings are probably a huge disorganised mess in your head, write it down to give it structure.
practice freestyling
I could probably learn from this, I struggle to vocally communicate effectively, until I’m pissed - then I snap/bite back pretty badly. If I could communicate properly before this point I could have saved a lot of rash decisions in my life.
I learn from listening to other people who are good at it. Sometimes it’s a friend or a coworker, sometimes it’s people who are around me in public. Artists are really good at it. I saw a therapist help people use art to express the thoughts and feelings they had inside. It was a step toward communication, and it was very effective. It was cool to watch people come out of their shells. Also for me, watching TV shows and movies helps too, just noticing how different characters express themselves in different situations. It’s like a type of education that isn’t taught in school, but we can still learn it anyway. You’ll do great.
That does seem to Help make sense of things, even just when talking with myself. Thank you
Like rapping?
I think you and I have things in common probably lol. I hope we both learn helpful things from the comments to come
Ha maybe, I’ve always been a people pleaser and tend to go with the flow - this just ends up with me being pushed into a corner which I didn’t want to be in. I’ve often asked myself how I can communicate my thoughts and feelings effectively, I’ve tried being more assertive - but it doesn’t work. Looking forward to the suggestions.
What is the worst/ best shitting experience you have ever experienced?
What do you say after you have sex?
“Money’s on the nightstand.”
Good fuck, rematch?
Thank you cum again
Sorry
"I just had sex, and I felt so good"
I say! Jolly ho! That was absolutely spiffin my dear
“Let me help clean that for you”
Time to put the body back in the fridge
That’ll be $20
Good show champ.
that was neat huh?
How about a pizza?
Bout time I hit the hay
Your Uber is on the way.
"Thanks". Sexual education is very important.
I love you!
Ready for round 2?
"Clean this mess up".
Nioce
So, what's your name?
Do you accept PayPal or Venmo?
I've gotta go now
Wubba Lubba Dub-Dub!!!! /s
Thanks dad
Thanks
Thanks I hope you like it too
Erm... that just happened 😜😜😜
Kept you waiting huh?
Good game and a pat on the rear.
so what are we?
I usually ask my wife for feedback. She was weird about it when we were first married but now it’s a regular part of sex and our sex is pretty frequent and pretty amazing.
Did you have fun?
Sorry.
Please lock the door on your way out. Thanks.
Round 2!
"It's time for felching and kissing."
Thank you for your services.
GG well played
Noice
“You’re welcome”
Do you take cash?
Checkmate
Are you going to let me sleep now, ma'am?
Good sexing wife!
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Thank you
I won again!
"Tadaa!"
WTF when did leave the bar?
Good game
That'll be all, thanks. We'll call if we need to see you again.
High five!
"Thanks!"
Do you Venmo?
Thank you. Cum again.
If you get pregnant i've never seen you before.
Hypothetically: "Thank You"
That was longer than previously eh
Typically I just tell my fiancé that I’ve ejaculated. Then she gets mad at me for making it awkward.
Who are you? Im chitzofrenia
Do you have to say anything, just spoon, listen and get ready for round two
Thanks. Money's on the side table😁
Thanks for the sandwich
Thank you and goodnight.
I say, that was a rather good show ol gal. Fancy a snack? Feeling a might peckish
again?!
That was sex
I like to cuddle afterward, so it's usually "come here"
What did you say your name was again?
I guess dad couldn’t pull out either and that’s why I’m here
Wipe your cum off me. NOW. 😭🤣🤣 so i can roll in a ball and reboot.
Thank you, thank you, thank you
My college roommate and I used to watch Scrubs over and over - so I usually just text him a picture of a gong.
Pass the tissues please
Let's get tacos!
ZOO WEE MAMA!
Depends on the gender of the sex partner
Thanks bro
I would have won if my snake didn't start vomiting.
Usually 'I love you' lol.
Here's 400 get yourself something nice
"That'll be five dollars. I think I've earned it, my good sir."
What I like to hear is, I haven't been fucked like that in 10 yrs. Now I hear, I havent been fucked like that in 4 days. Kinda became a joke between us, then she sneezes and pops me right out.
Ok what do we do for the other 55mins?
Give me a minute to breathe
Me wheezing because of lack of cardio, stamina, and excitement that it happened\ Her looking slightly annoyed, but overall okay with the short experience\ That one dude in the corner who likes to watch eating popcorn waiting for round 2\
Welp. Get out!
"I'm sorry you had to experience that."
Want me to call you an Uber?
I wanna lay you down in a bed of roses, For tonight I'll sleep on a bed of nails. Oh, I wanna be just as close as the Holy Ghost is, And lay you down on a bed of roses.
Your Uber is here.
I dont say anything just sleep
I mean, the other night it was high fives all round and a hearty “good work bro”. That’s not really the standard but it’s what happens when you have fun with friends hahahaha usually I want big cuddles and lots of kisses and someone to tell me I’m so pretty and I smell good. I don’t usually talk.
Mmm, creamy!
That was amazing. So, who were you again?
Ooh, make sure to put “Chili’s” on the receipt.
Thank you
“That’ll do, pig. That’ll do.”
I need to go to the bathroom.
I swear this never happens to me
“I feel like I gave you a pretty good weinering”
Partner and I say "thank you"
Mischief managed
That's a good boy, gimme a minute and I will take you out for a walk.
Thank you…
Huzzah
Giggity Goo
Got to go, my wife is expecting me.
Go make me dinner...🤣🤣🤣
Taxi’s here
"Good game"
Nah but that's perfect
RIP OP
A woman let me put my penis inside her.
turns on cold hose full blast LLLARGLEARGLEAAAARGLE
Gonna need a fresh one before long.
This time, Please dont leave the condom in the kitchen sink.
That would make me feel like a hooker
Damn😭
Oh boy
proceeds to leave the condom in the kitchen sink
What single event caused the "nice guy" to finally snap?
I was that event once. I will fully admit I was being annoying. Eventually he hauled off and hit me. Everyone looked around and saw him standing tense and me hit the ground. They all came over, checked to see if he was okay and asked me what the hell did I do.
Oh another incel 😂
Weimar
What
If you had to spend a year alone exploring space or a year alone exploring the ocean depths, what would you choose?
Ocean. Too much open space in space. I'd be bored getting to the things I'd want to explore.
I would prefer space but let's be honest, in one year you ain't exploring shit in space, you wouldn't get far like at all So I would choose the ocean just because I would get to see more things
Space, fuck the ocean that shit can stay in the water
Space is much less scary than the ocean. I imagine it’s quite peaceful up there. You could also go on space walks and stuff which would be pretty neat. The ocean would keep me paranoid and scared of any noise I heard. I would not want to get out of whatever submarine I was in. I’d go to space for sure.
Ocean. A year in space won't get you far unless you are able to travel at something close to light speed. But with that comes time loss, with a year in space travelling faster means time here is behind you.
Very good point
How did you loose your chances with your high school crush?
By using the word loose instead of the word lose 🤷‍♂️
He liked my best friend instead.
Being pretty ugly at that time.
Thought I’d show her how much I was over my ex by constantly talking about my ex during our date.
Bad spelling
Lol. I never had a chance to begin with.
Showed her my meme collection; she didn't get the humor.
I told him how I felt and got MAJORLY friend zoned. But he didn't understand now I was awkward around him, so he still wanted to be happy friends. I avoid him like the plague when I see him.
ik
What does your ideal one-night stand look like?
The stand walks in and builds itself then after the night ends it walks away
attractive, sturdy, easy to assemble, and with storage
Hopefully with 4 legs
We both cum
There's be a whip, some whip cream, and some shark teeth.
Kimberly A. O'Brien
Funny aggressive talking, just chemistry
Lmao. Oddly specific.
/shrug They didn't ask for generalities.
True! Intrigued by the shark teeth tbh.
I dig carnivorous features and find them very hot.
Swap the shark teeth for some lion teeth, and im in.
Ah see, there ya go. Let that inner cat fly!
Lmao.
Yes maam!
Polish people look likethey are from 18th century.Why?
Huh? Am I supposed to take these off and wear peasant rags. What are you talking about?
Every polish person is a time traveler simple
What's the best way to be consistent and develop an unshakable will-power for fickle-minded people?
this is the human condition everything else is a coping mechanism
So what's the soup? How to break out from this ordinary human condition?
how should i know? i been trying to figure it out for a long ass time
Redditors who have seen the movie the hulk?
Yup. watched all of them. this is true.
I ran recommend it
Which one?
How would you feel about a "if you scroll to the top, you can go back to where you were," button on Reddit?
Just about everybody wants things to be the way they were before the algorithms. Imagine Facebook where you saw everything in chronological order from all of your friends and nothing you didn't want to see. That's how it used to be.
They want you to keep scrolling and trying to find your place or refresh and get a brand new feed.
Oh god yes you hit that one on the head
Facebook has gotten so horrible, I can scroll for a couple minutes and see like 10 or maybe 15 posts from friends and the other 50 are sponsored or recommended videos. I just hope they don't get a similar idea with messenger
What food would you want to try if it was available in your country?
Crocodile
Everything. From grasshoppers to lion meat; From authentic mexican cuisine to village food
I'm morbidly curious about durian.
Dolphin 🐬
Paddle pops
What is one trait, that if everyone had, the world would be a better place?
Empathy for those who aren't your friends or family
Good manners.
Kindness
Enlightenment.
Inate sense of morality. Or common sense.
Compassion
Manners
Compassion and consideration for others
Antisocial personality disorder. Like me.
Empathy.
I think empathy is the right answer. I would include friends and family though.
What's the creepiest thing an ex did?
Broke up with this girl and she sent me religious threats for weeks telling me how I was going to hell
Still stalks me and try’s to get in touch even after 14 years..
How about just a good old-fashioned stalker that I never dated? She was a former customer at the business unit I managed. Told a lot of the staff she was into me. Caused whatever problems she could with the explicit goal of getting me to have to fix it..... It gets so bad the news gets up to my boss. We essentially had to corner her in the branch location and tell her in so many words that I wasn't remotely interested and the behavior couldn't continue. I get transfered to another branch. She gets her contract transfered to the same branch. Same behavior ensues (just this time more on the DL so as not to raise more eyebrows)..... I move back home (this was an overseas job). She finds my FB and starts spam-requesting connections to my friends. Somehow gets my new stateside number and calls me...... I was married and had a kid the whole time this was happening.
made sure my location stayed on and if i turned it off , i was asked about it , its very invasive
Orchestrate and keep up an elaborate web of lies for almost 2 years about me being with another girl in public places. She had friends and family in on it. Would bring it up from time to time just to start fights with me. Admitted to the whole thing after we split up.
Replace the vowel on the end of the words Latino and Latina.
Became friends with the friends of people she hated and turned them against the person she hated. It wasn't like she just naturally became friends with them, though. It was deliberate and she was just using the people for her end goal of hurting people she hated.
Put graveyard dirt on my doorstep. He got into hoodoo and Santa Muerta, found out he had an altar with pics of me on it. Regardless of whether it's real or not, his intent was to hurt me. I've had people say it's no big deal, it's just dirt, but the mindset behind it is what scared me not his action. He also kept on trying to love bomb me and convince me to go up to a friends cabin w him and our kid during this time. My gut said no. Was later told by an interested party if we had gone up that mountain we would have never come down.
Bite her toenails
Hiya, guess who this is ? 🥰
Goddamn. Glad you’re safe
What tells "I'm a bad parent" more than anything else?
Resorting to violence when your kid takes too long getting you another beer
kids on leashes is the only right answer
Not being able to keep your kids under control in public or at all really
Children who can't handle being told no.
1. The relationship dynamic is incredibly one sided, as opposed to it being an equal partnership. They view themselves as the dominate partner in the relationship whilst giving you "junior" status and will thus demand respect from you at all times but will not grant you any respect in return. 2. They view you as a doormat and will treat you accordingly. The relationship dynamic is also incredibly one sided in this way; they will fully expect you to tolerate extremely poor behaviour from them and other people but will react very badly when you actually stand up for yourself or they otherwise feel you have disrespected them in some way. 3. They do not respect your boundaries and will attempt to violate them at every opportunity. 4. They seek conflict on purpose and will cause it in any way possible. 5. They hold onto grudges easily and won't let anything go without a fight. They keep track of how you have disrespected them over time. 6. They are extremely vindictive and will find any way to retaliate and punish you every time they feel you have disrespected them. 7. They have a strong desire for control – no matter how trivial the issue – and will attempt to exercise this desire by any means necessary. 8. They are extremely argumentative and will proceed to give long, ranting lectures. 9. They will frequently raise their voice and proceed to shout and yell at you instead of speaking to you in a calm, respectful manner. 10. They are extremely negative and critical all of the time or are otherwise unsupportive and will never offer anything positive to a discussion. This also extends to them never being happy for you in any way, e.g., getting good grades at school or a job promotion at work. 11. Due to this constant negativity, you feel that cannot speak to them because you know that they will respond in this way, and are walking on egg shells around them because of their negativity. 12. They are verbally abusive. They'll insult you, call you names, etc, etc. They'll also belittle you, your hobbies and interests, as well as your friends and family. E.g., calling your (actually decent) car a piece of junk or calling your friend a loser. 13. Lack of effective communication. Whenever problems arise, they'll react in literally any other way than actually discussing the problem with you and attempting to find a common solution to the problem. 14. They are pathological liars, they are frequently dishonest to you and to other people about you. They will also give heavily altered versions of events to make themselves look innocent while portraying you as the guilty one in a situation. 15. They engage in smear campaigns against you in order to destroy your reputation. 16. They won't take "no" for an answer and will keep pushing the issue regardless. 17. They are never willing to compromise on a situation and will issue ultimatums instead. 18. They put conditions on their love towards you and having a relationship with you. 19. They view you as as a burden. 20. They are prone to physical violence. 21. They are gaslighters. 22. They love bomb you. 23. They guilt-trip you. 24. They are extremely selfish and self-centred, they will only ever think of themselves. They will only ever care about their own needs and wants, no one else's. 25. They lack empathy and compassion towards other people. They also lack the ability to feel guilt and remorse for their actions. 26. They are financially abusive. They will use money to control and manipulate you into doing what they want. 27. They are very accusatory. E.g., when you are actively looking for a job, they are calling you lazy or otherwise accusing you of having a bad attitude and not wanting to work. However, these accusations would be completely unfounded and it's just an extension of their abuse as per #12. 28. They project their own insecurities and/or guilt onto you. If they accuse you of doing something, it is often because they are guilty of doing it themselves. 29. Almost every time they would want to spend time with you or otherwise communicate like a phone call or a text message, there would almost always be some kind of agenda or ulterior motive behind it, because they want something from you and not to have a "normal" conversation with you. 30. They view you as a punching bag. Meaning that if they're having a bad day for whatever reason that had absolutely nothing to do with you, they'll lash out at you regardless. 31. They outright refuse to help you in absolutely any way whatsoever, even when you are having a genuinely difficult time and need help and support. Or if they do choose to help you, they want something in return. They want you to "return the favour." 32. They crave attention 24/7 and have an intense dislike towards the idea of you having a life outside of them. They fully expect you to be at their beck and call at all times with no exception. 33. They do not respect your privacy. They'll repeatedly barge into your room, demand to know who you are phoning or spending time with, etc, etc. They'll also speak about you to other people behind your back and share extremely personal information about you without your explicit permission. 34. They do not accept different opinions and theirs is the only valid one. They negatively judge other people's opinions without understand their perspective first and then proceed to insult them for having that opinion as per #12. 35. As per #34, they insist on giving a lot unsolicited advice and opinions on your life choices, especially when it is unwarranted and/or does affect them in any way. 36. They are never, ever wrong and refuse to ever apologise for anything. They think they can sweep their behaviour under the rug and pretend that nothing ever happened. 37. Due to this refusal to accept responsibility for their (or other people's) poor behaviour, they will victim blame and scapegoat other people for their behaviour instead. 38. They play the victim in any given situation. 39. They might attempt to isolate you from friends and family. 40. They might also give you the silent treatment and ignore you for prolonged periods of time without explanation. And then all of a sudden they're speaking to you again like nothing happened. 41. When other people criticise you, they won't defend or support you in any way. In fact, they'll likely take the side of the other person criticising you. They enable other people's poor treatment of you. 42. They threaten cruel and unusual punishments for the smallest mistake or infraction. This might include threatening to ceasing all contact and disowning you completely for said mistake or infraction. 43. They are prone to wild mood swings. One moment they'll appear to be "fine" and in a good mood, next moment they're angry and abusive. You never know what kind of mood they will be in on a given day as they get angry at the smallest thing and saying the "wrong" thing would instantly change their mood for the worse. 44. They will harass you non stop with their abusive behaviour. Almost every conversation, every interaction, will be filled with this type of behaviour and when you plainly ask/tell them to stop, they'll ignore you and continue regardless. 45. They are extremely dismissive of your feelings and when you attempt to address a legitimate concern with them or otherwise confront them about their behaviour towards you, they'll attempt to invalidate your feelings and justify their behaviour towards you or otherwise downplay a situation that they caused. They will always have some convenient excuse for their poor behaviour of you.
It's after 10pm why is your elementary school kid shopping at Walmart with you?
Spoiled disrespectful children.
when you start ranting about how you can't spank your kids anymore like you really gotta keep those kind of beliefs to yourself/outside of polite company. sharing those is not helping you.
Even if you believe, it's in your hands to fix them, tell them what is going wrong with their way and stay at your words. Rather than depending upon them, you should take care of them. Now if you have abusive parents, seek outside help, contact authorities, no shame in that it's for you and your family's better future. However getting a small beating is good for growth and you should accept it like a brave kid.
Yeah. Damn those parents who try to prevent kidnappings and accidents. Fucking negligent.
46. They view parenting as simply providing the physical needs of the child and nothing more, i.e., providing a roof over their head and feeding and clothing the child. But caring about the child's happiness and mental wellbeing is not a concern for them in the slightest. 47. They think that parenting has a age limit. As soon as the child reaches X age (usually 18), they think that their job as a parent is done and subsequently want to kick them out of the house as soon as possible and be far less involved in their lives going forward, if at all. 48. They view children as simply extensions of themselves and not as separate individuals with their own needs and wants. As a result, they think that they are entitled to dictate every aspect of their children's lives, even extremely trivial things. 49. They will blatantly favour one child over another instead of treating all of their (or other people's) children equally. 50. In the case of divorced parents, they will use their children as pawns against the other parent and will otherwise engage in parental alienation; they will purposely criticise the other parent to the child on a frequent basis in an attempt to turn the child against said parent. When you end the relationship with them and attempt to cease all contact with them thereafter due to any of the above points, the reverse to the silent treatment occurs – they do not accept this and as such, they're harassing you constantly (or those close to you), begging you to contact them, that "they just want to talk." But they simply want to continue their poor behaviour as before.
What are some subreddits everyone should subscribe to?
r/blurrypicturesofcats
r/askreddit for anyone that just stumbled in here not knowing. It’s my go to.
r/davidduchovny
Hahahaha! I finally have place to post my pictures to! 😄 TY!
Why did I feel like I should join this sub?
What's wrong with that ?
same as r/gayshit r/askreddit is just r/gayshit2
r/gayshit2 is good but r/gayshitunleashed is the absolute top
Why did I click on all this r/ridiculousgayshit
What do you miss about the internet before social media?
i was safer from being exposed to the opinions of 14 year olds against my consent
I was about 10 when chat rooms were big and they were a ton of fun but incredibly dangerous because of the creeps. It was so much fun to just talk to random people. I would never want my children on them though.
"A/S/L" being an acceptable way to start an online conversation Napster and Limewire. Those sites made me a CD burning king
Graphics / pictures would load slowly.
Chat rooms like yahoo chat
nothing, always a shithole
>stupid whores advertising their OnlyFans You paid for one didn't you lmao
Nah I paid for the men’s OnlyFans.
How did the Moscow gunmen get into the concert hall?
Probably a door.
Noclipping
Maybe he had legs
Teleported from Ukraine obviously...
Have you never been to a concert hall or venue? At most, they would have had a person checking tickets and a couple of security guys at each door. And these guys had guns and grenades.
Putin set it up.
failproof method.
What universe creation idea do you believe in and why?
i don't "believe in" any, since at this point none of them has sufficient scientific evidence to be confidently and irrefutably accepted.
The Big Bang because it feels like the most logical explanation for the creation of the universe
My husband proposed the 'Petri Dish' theory. If there had been a Creator at some point, they abandoned their creation the same way a scientist might set out an open Petri dish and then leave the lab...forever. It allows for a mechanical universe and an absent creator in that framework and I find it poetic and fitting.
Honestly I don't get it. There had to be a point where the things that created the bang were created, but they can't be created out of nothing because that breaks the laws of physics. Am I missing something?
Yep, but I believe that there was some kind of force far beyond our understanding that created bing bang. Not a god, some kind of supernatural force, there is a difference.
“Supernatural force” So, God…. I don’t understand why people are so afraid of saying God
Yeah that sort of makes sense
Why your father sucks?
Abandoned his 3 kids every time a new woman came into his life, we wouldn't see him for dust. He likes to portray being the good guy and the hero to everyone but his kids. He also loved to play dad to all his step kids that came in and out of our lives but never bothered with us, only when he was lonely once again.
He's narcissist and controlling. So that's why I left him and live alone away from him now.
My biological Dad was physically abusive and was racist, homophonic and misogynistic.
My father doesn’t suck, I love him a lot. We went clay shooting today for the first time, he’s a G. 🙏
He's emotionally abusive, blows up when I try to stand up for myself, doesn't get that because I'm neurodivergent that I need a little extra help, and demands for me to respect him (as a tyrant would expect the entire nation to respect him) even though he never gives me respect back, or even earns the amount of respect he wants.
because hes stupid. he was legit tested and found to have an IQ score of 70
He was racist, homophobic, a liar, and a selfish excuse for a human being. R.I.P (Rot In Pain)
My father was great!
Are we related?
What is your earliest memory?
Pissing as a baby onto my dad, then it was nothing till a birthday party at 4
I remember crawling around in the hallway at my grandma when I was only five
I have a very short memory of being in my walker & strolling over to a large mirror, where I was totally enthralled by seeing myself and the walker. Not sure how old I was, but it was obviously before I could walk on my own. The next earliest memory is from my 1st birthday party, where I can remember wondering WHY everyone was making such a big deal out of me. Or, basically, a feeling of, "what's going on??" And I was sitting on a quilt in the yard, with pretty boxes & balloons around me. Lol
I'm not sure what age but I remember going into theatre as a really young children. I remember being wheeled in the bed into the side room of the theatre so they could put me to sleep for surgery
A fly got caught in my apple juice. And there were a bunch of people over and I didn't know what to do with it because my parents were talking to other people. So instead of interrupting because I was taught not to, I just drank the apple juice anyway and tried to avoid the fly. I have earlier memories but they're very vague or just a picture in my head. This was the first memory where I remember the situation and context.
What Historical Event Would You Want to Experience Personally?
I'd like to observe the death of Hitler, so I can finally know if the pill or bullet did it
I would like to spend the last days of Napoleon's life with him so that he can personally tell his life story
The Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event.
1973, would have loved to be in person on the tennis court where Billie Jean King defeated Bobby Riggs in the “battle of the sexes” just because it looks so iconic and empowering.
Depends on if you’re just an observer or if you can be in harms way. But if could choose, I’d probably choose the  of Dybbøl Mill.
neither he was of the faith so he got escorted down to the newly acquired desert land
Guys, what is goblin mode?
That's a deck in Magic: The Gathering. Not a fan, personally. Also, it's what happens when I drink. I'm not drinking right now. No sir.
When Green Goblin drinks his Goblin juice
the Oxford Dictionary defines goblin mode as “a type of behavior which is unapologetically self-indulgent, lazy, slovenly, or greedy.” Drinking straight out of a container instead of pouring your drink into a glass.... Wearing pajamas all day long and taking a more relaxed approach to getting ready for the day.... Going unshowered or wearing the same outfit a couple days in a row.... Leaving your bed unmade, dropping clean clothes on the floor or letting take-out boxes pile up on the dining room table.... goblin mode is a form of letting yourself go.
How do you clean shaving razor?
Car guys, when it comes to restoring a vintage car, what’s more important, restoring it to its original condition as much as possible or getting it as close as possible but with modern upgrades? And what do you each think of the other?
Depends on what you want. The best part about your car project is finishing it exactly how YOU envisioned it.
That really depends on what type of restoration you are going for. The all original route or the "restomod" route. I can respect both schools of thught, but id certainly fall into the restomod category more often.
Bartenders-- what do you do when a customer with obvious alcoholism symptoms (tremors, etc.) shows up?
Give them their rheumatiz medicine
Non-Americans what do you think Americans would love?
A carvery and greggs
A few pints in Spoons
a hug
Me.
The metric system. It's so much more logical than imperial.
Metric system but with guns as units of measurement.
They think meat in a pie is absurd. Unless it's fish.
Got to stay from 12 to 7pm drinking Old Rosie cider and at the least and have ham, egg and chips. Plus either witness a fight or be involved in one.
Depends on the person. Just as a warning, if an American introduces themselves as a "hugger" be on your guard. I have seen people get back and shoulder injuries from enthusiastic huggers.
You may take our systems of distance and mass, but you can take our temperature from my 68⁰ dead hands.
Well, they have guns with metric system as units of measurement, so we're getting there...9mm at a time.
What are you talking about? Chicken Pot Pie is a staple comfort food. While Turkey Pot Pie and Beef Pot Pie are less common they are out there.
Aye. That sounds like a textbook Saturday to me mate
Nah, celcius is way better than Farenheit. Also dd-mm-yyyy > mm-dd-yyyy
I'm referring more to greggs types of pies. Not shortcrust, but then again, pot pie is probably the ONLY type of meat pie other than the various fish ones.
Celsius is fine for stovetop cooking and the lab, but Fahrenheit is superior when it comes to baking and climate control. Also if I'm being honest, YYMMDD is superior to both.
There's actually a pie place about 30 minutes out from where I live (South Carolina/Georgia border) that sells chicken and taco pies.
And let me guess, it's a foreign influence restaurant? I'm not going to argue with you mate, americans don't eat meat pies. Pot pie is a solitary thing and it's nowt like the pastry pies we're on about.
No, it actually isn't. It's just a bakery. Mest pies are rare around here, but we do eat them. Edit: I have been blocked by people for a lot of reasons, but this has to be the stupidest one ever. We do eat meat pies, in fact they're sold in our frozen food section and called "Hot Pockets."
😂😂😂You should be upvoted for this:)
How do you clean a soundbar?
My cousins toddler was over the other day and was eating crackers by my TV and soundbar and appeared to get stuff all over it, it's not affecting the sound at all but I'm top scared to try and clean it, any suggestions? Lmao
Usually the grille is removable, I’d carefully clean with iso and microfiber for the body unplugged from the mains and not touching components, grille separate could be cleaned with canned air first and wiped with iso allowed to evaporate.
If just crackers, vacuum the grille.
If I'm unable to remove the grill, what would the next strategy be?
It appears to have been soggy crackers (toddlers 🤔) I've tried vacuuming and nothing is coming out
The grille or the kid?
Lmao the grille
What is the most overrated food?
Lobster.
Macaroni and cheese is the most basic bitch ass one note garbage side dish ever. If your favorite food is Mac and cheese, your food opinions are trash.
Mac and cheese, just don't get the hype
Avocado toast: paying mortgage prices for glorified green mush.
Peanuts. They keep judging me. By the hundreds.
Beef Wellington
Quinoa
As far as food I will actually eat and I think it is just overrated? Shellfish. Especially shrimp. Smells awful and tastes like nothing. And if you try to tell me that it is flavorful, it isn't. What you cooked it in had flavor. Otherwise you're just left with the smell to guide your taste. Then there's the texture. There's few foods that I would put in my mouth that I avoid chewing. I only bite it enough to make it small enough to swallow like a pill. It's so amazingly gross to chew. Just thinking about the texture is making me very uncomfortable. Shrimp is at the line of what I won't eat. I actively dislike it but I will eat it if I'm offered it. But anything I dislike more I will not eat.
Mac and cheese.
Rice in general
Avocado anything
mc donalds chicken nuggets or any chicken burger
Finally someone says it.
What else you need in life except love and Money?
Unlimited anime
Oxygen
Cats.
a job
proper healthcare, shelter
Safety
I need a snack every once in a while too.
Coke. And Pepsi.
A good hobby. Cuz doing nothing with yourself can make you more miserable.
A creative outlet
I can attest to this
If you have money why you need a job?
because I said so 🤙
your call bro.. 😂
What are you irritated by, especially when you're the sick one, about the hospital?
Other sick ones competing for my service.
People in retail, what’s something you wish you could tell customers?
Stop being a dumbass asshole, we don't need your business and I don't give a shit about target making money
Been a while, but in the day I was surprised how often people didn’t believe me when I said we were out of something. They would ask me to check the back (even after I’d look up inventory), like we are a business, the whole idea is to sell you stuff. We aren’t going to hide things from you.
Go fk yourself
I'd tell them that the best customer is the one who makes their purchase with the least amount of fuss, then leaves. I don't need chat, I don't need 'jokes', I don't want to be your friend and I don't need a social commentary. Buy your goods and leave.
FCK off knob lord.
I hate you
( I worked in a thrift store) yes this purse is $3. Yes, I see that you stuck a $2 sticker over the top of the $3 sticker. Our purses are $3.
I used to work retail pharmacy. We had one patient who would tell us that he spent of $9k in prescriptions last year and if we didn't do what he wanted he would swap over to one of our other locations. I kept wanting to inform he that we didn't see a dime of that $9k in copays and that my corporate office didn't give a shit which store he went to they got the moneg regardless.
"no" I don't want to have to give an explanation or beat around the bush. I just want to be able to plainly decline and them just accept that I can't do that for them.
I’m a cashier. Yes. Like I’m an introverted cashier leave me alone and lemme do my job.
What was the worst thing your principal did to your classmates?
Dragged a kid in the floor
Edwards AFB elementary school had a Mr Durham. He had a giant wooden paddle with holes in it. I saw it in first grade prominently display in the office. Just the threat of going to the office was enough for most kids.
My principal committed two egregious acts that I must address. Recently, our secondary school arranged interviews for primary school students seeking enrollment. Ninth graders were chosen to wear school shirts and guide these prospective students and their parents from the entrance to the interview room. On the designated day, I was slated to be one of these escorts, but I fell ill. However, what I discovered was shocking. Apparently, while my classmates were fulfilling their duties, the principal instructed them to gather outside, insisting they remove their jackets and hoodies to ensure the school logo on their shirts was visible, despite the temperature being a chilly 15 degrees Celsius. Consequently, one of my classmates fell ill. When the teacher learned of this, he informed us that if the principal were to give such orders again, we were not to comply. Another incident involved a classmate of mine who frequently missed school. On one occasion, the principal became irate because the student was knitting after completing her work during class. The principal was so offended that she warned the teachers that any similar behavior would result in termination. Furthermore, during a visit to our class, the principal berated the same student for her absences, accusing her of deliberately skipping school. However, the student explained that she suffered from a compromised immune system, which exacerbated her illnesses. She even presented a doctor's note on the first day of school. Despite this, instead of acknowledging the situation, the principal persisted in her accusations, stating, "You are only allowed to miss school if you have an infectious disease." This left me incredulous, thinking, "B\tch what the f-"
Who are you, We are being serious who are you?
We answer you serious, we are the leader of this girl. ruling her life depending on how often and whom she shows us. Greetings Boobies
I am the one who knocks.
A mf
Who are we?
I am the night
Who who, who who
I don’t know
What are some cues to initiate sex?
grab his wiener
"Hey bro, wanna fuck?"
Went on a few dates with this one girl who kept saying things like “usually the guys trying to have sex with me by now”. I’m a Christian and I have my weak moments but I had no idea she was dropping those hints. I was so happy to tell her that she didn’t have to worry about that because I’m not that type of guy. Basically if you aren’t picking them up, there’s nothing we can do to help you. You either get them or you don’t and I did not. I wouldn’t have had sex anyways but if I was willing to, I missed out on a lot of women.
"Would'th thou like to engage in some frivolous fornication my good chum?"
I usually just send my husband like a peach, winky face or 👉👌 and he either ignores it or says “alright I guess”
My wife once threw a condom at me and said, "I'm going to bed."
I simply say, tonight we f
I wonder what you look like naked?
Being comfortable with each other. Have pretty good communication. And ask! Yup, just ask. People overthink everything... just ask, you will get a clear answer and can move to next steps.
Well now a days you gotta pull out a written consent form to make sure it’s safe to proceed.
As a great man once said; ### “GRAB HIS DICK AND TWIST IT!”
Shall we adjourn to the dungeon? I trust the orgy pit has been scraped and buttered?
That’s too enthusiastic
And did that work??
Tonight we are young so let's set the world on fire...
umm...I don't think that last step is standard protocol
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be and why?
Any of the founding fathers. Would love to have their opinions on modern day politics. They all would probably stroke out and die before giving an answer.
Andres Bonifaciooo, let us know where he brought your body
Italian composer Gioacchino Rossini since he was a connoisseur of the most delicious foods.
Adolf Hitler or Al Capone. Would be a great conversation.
Harriet Tubman. I would want to hear everything about her life and the Underground Railroad.
What do you think of AI?
I love it. It allows me to express my ideas in ways I wasn't able to before. With much more clarity. I'm more of a writer/director than I am a painter but I'm aware of visual concepts and AI allows me a very specific level of control to bring a vision to life. And it's not as easy as people might think. It can be, but it doesn't have to be. If you're a skilled Stable Diffusion user, you can do some amazing stuff. It's going to do a lot to make our lives easier but we also have to be careful to not let it become a dangerous crutch. I'm worried mostly in this case about people cheating their way through school and ending up in the real world with no real skills in positions of authority or importance. A lawyer who lied his way through law school kind of scares me and strikes me as a real possibility. Teacher as well. But responsible AI users are impressing me more every day. I'm a huge advocate for it in that sense.
I think it's a useful tool being misused. The different types of AI have different problems. My biggest concern is that no evidence will matter anymore. Once AI gets good enough where you can't tell the difference between a video of someone actually saying something and an AI generated one, there will be no consequences for anything. Politicians already get away with a lot. Now imagine when there's no way to even know what is the truth. You don't even know what they got away with because everything has the potential to be faked.
Artificial intelligence
I enjoy the stupid shit ppl are making with it
I think they are just Artificially Smart right now...we are still yet to see Intelligent in a couple of more years.
I love the memes and innocent song covers, but I really fucking hate that companies are starting to use it to help make movies and taking jobs.
Weird Al?
they took our jobs.
Nothing against it if it does not involve art... art is about the nuanced and multiple-angled human experience... AI will forever be out of its depth regarding art
Why men have smaller chest compare to women?
Our milk sacks hang lower
Cause jesus hates you
It's not like your chest is small. The difference is that men don't have boobs usually.
Idk man I got some nice tits bro
Men don't have mamillary glands
try google
It’s like those switch blanks in your car that remind you of all the options you didn’t buy
How do you learn to deal with adversity?
It depends on who or what the adversity is coming from and why. This is a complex question of far too many different situational answers. You're going to have to be more specific.
What's the one order you never received in the mail that you still think about to this day?
it was a rare customized knife from a renowned blacksmith. stolen right out of my mailbox. we have the video of the asshole too.
My copy of John Hinckley Jr's album, Redemption. Didn't even get a refund. Thanks for nothing, Asbestos Records.
Acceptance letter to NYU film school. Got a rejection letter instead. Alcoholic step dad opened it, threw a pair of scissors at me. That’s the night I moved out.
Letter sealing wax
Damn, that's incredibly shitty of that person & it's crazy that you have footage. I wonder if they tried to resell it to get a quick buck. Though that knife was one of kind, did you ever end up ordering something similar or just as rare?
I never knew that he ended up releasing music oo Was it on vinyl?
I'm so glad to hear you got away from him and struck out on your own. Did you still pursue an education in film or something similar? When I got my college acceptance letter I excitedly showed my mom. She rolled her eyes and walked away without saying a word...
I just love watching clips of the wax getting stamped or customized with things like glitter! Do you know what happened to it?
right, I waited couple years later when the maker said he would try another version. I always checked online, like ebay sites that year to see if they were trying to resell it. I would've just purchased it back again no questions asked..I just wanted it back.
Yep. Vinyl. It was going to be the start of a niche collection involving criminals. Still want to buy this, though:
My buddy was going there at the time. Shot a black and white student film with him on a weekend visit.
What discouraged you from starting or continuing a business?
unsupportive friends and family 🥶
Found out selling the excess cookies I made for a science project was illegal according to the school
What is the most unexpected way you witnessed a pet seeming to grieve? Either for another animal or person?
I was at a zoo once, (Amerfoort, Netherlands) looking at the elephants. They had a baby elephant, so it was quite popular. We moved close to a keeper, explaining how one of the elephants died recently. The other elephants were trying to pick the dead elephant up with their trunks and were distressed. The zoo had to take the elephants in small groups out to grieve the dead elephant. It brought a tear to my eye.
Not really a pet grieving per se but: there’s the infamous story of hachiko, a dog from Japan who waited for her owner at the train station every day even up until he unfortunately passed away.
I remember I watched the movie on that! The really bad American one where they made a guy an American instead of Japanese for some reason. I felt so bad for that dog, what a loyal boy.
What was your break up like with your ex and how did you break up?
It sucked, but I will say she did everything right for the breakup itself. The months after the breakup not so much.
Had one ex tell me “god doesn’t want me in a relationship anymore”. The next one I broke up with, she was a cheater and after I broke up with her she moved to Iowa.
We grew apart. We weren't dating for long. Sorta afraid I was leading him on. Them found out after we broke up that he'd been harassing my friend by constantly flirting with her, even when she begged him to stop.
What's the best way to get over heartbreak?
I got over it once by listening to a bee gees concert which was televised over 20 years ago and just lay on the sofa thinking about life. Disco music is therapeutic for me
Take a deep breath. Remember that this isn’t the end of the world, and there’s so much more to life.
Get under someone else. Works Everytime!
What was your age when you did your first crime and what it was ?
Wouldn't you like to know weatherboy
I was 16 when I was arrested for being too sexy.
I shoplifted some candy at 6
I shoplifted candy when I was about 8 years old. Please don't ask me about me most recent crime though.
Where are your parents? This kid is sketchy.
What song has the dumbest lyrics?
"New Kids On The Block had a bunch of hits. Chinese food makes me sick. And I think it's fly when girls stop by."
Shilo, when I was young I used to call your name When no one else would come Shilo, you always came And we'd play Who the fuck did he think would come?
Dance monkey song. I loathe that song
"My dad Alabama, my ma Louisiana You mix that n with that Creole make a Texas...bama" Beyoncé, Formation I get what she wanted to say but this line in particular sounded so dumb
Gooba by 6ix9ine
Baggy trousers by the madness. I actually love that song tho lol
Happy Birthday. What if I want to be unhappy???
IT’S EVERYDAY BRO WITH THAT DISNEY CHANNELS FLOW!!
Pick any Train song
One Week - Barenaked Ladies Chicka the Chinese, the Chinese chicken
I Am The Walrus was intentionally written as nonsense so they could laugh at people trying to draw some meaning out of it. Great song though.
Artist: Future Song: take your pick ..
Good Morning Starshine from the musical Hair…
Train. "My heart is bound to beat right out of my untrimmed chest" Why... Just why.
by the Flaming Lips.
These are not the lyrics I thought they’d be when I started reading
I am I said / To no one there / And no one heard at all / NOT EVEN THE CHAIR
Depends on the punctuation. “I used to call your name when no one else would come.” makes perfect sense
Yes!! “Just like a monkey I’ve been dancing my whole life…..” erm, okaaaay….
That song is a masterpiece.
I have another clue for you all. The walrus was Paul
Don't get me wrong, I like the song, but the lyrics make no sense at all
What is your worst experience with a partially sent out text, when you have more to say but internet went away, or yit got deleted, the point they only received half the information and got a wrong impression?
Which online communities are the most toxic or critical of others?
Political parties
r/twoxchromosomes
adherents of the theory that the earth is flat
Chemical Industry.
The sonic fandom
Mine is any DIY or trade online community. Just all guys with 40 plus years of experience critiquing others endlessly
all ideological / political echo chambers are toilets for the real-life world to crap on, as they deserve
Incels duh
How good are Boobs?
Pretty awesome tbh
I don't want to live in a world without them. They had me at "hello."
Yours or other peoples? We talking female breasts, man boobs or the bird? Get specific.
they're like the Swiss Army Knife of anatomy—versatile, attention-grabbing, and always ready to lend a helping hand... or two.
Very. So good that kids even assigned them a number on their calculators in days of yore. 80085
Well, I'm constantly afraid I'll get cat called because I'm on the larger side. And I only really get hit on, or people express interest in me (that are my age of 20) unless I'm wearing a v neck that shows the crease between my boobs.
I'm a fan .
Ignore it, just karma farming for a little while
Those who grew up in a very messy house and moved out, how tidy is your own place? How easy/difficult do you find it to maintain?
I'm actually in the opposite situation. Mom kept the house sparkling clean when I was growing up. As a grown as man, it turns out I'm something of a hoarder and not real disciplined when it comes to keeping the floor vacuumed, the toilets clean, or the laundry washed.
What happened to that nerd kid in your school?
Still a nerd. Once a nerd, always a nerd.
He ended up on a sex offender registry
I retired at 18.
I’m still a nerd but I also play music in a band!
Same here. Mildly successful. There was a lot of smart kids that were cool and they’re the ones that got the great jobs.
What's something you just can't wear and don't understand how so many people seem to have no problem with it?
Rompers - so impractical
For a time in the '70s, 'body shirts' that snapped in the crotch were trendy. Whyyyyyy? I hated those things.
Houndstooth sweaters
Baseball caps in general all sort of hats. I do get it for sun protection at the beach/mountains. But other than that I just think it looks silly Sorry so not mean to offend anybody
Jeans, things are bloody uncomfortable
Suits. Doesn't matter how well fitted the suit is, something about wearing them makes me psychologically uncomfortable. I feel stuffed, constrained, like I cant move freely.
Sweat pants. Way too thick and uncomfortable
Socks in bed.
underwear
You wear them until they are then they're the most comfortable pair of pants outside of sweat pants
As a female, I've always felt sorry for the men in my workplaces where suits were required, especially in the summer months. I know several men, though, who love nothing better than a well-tailored suit and wear them at every opportunity. I don't get it.
Agreed. They feel suffocating.
Me either. I'm very much a jeans and t-shirt kind of guy. Slacks and a polo or button front shirt with no tie is about as formal as I want to get.
They do! I read a hangover prevention method once that was to wear soking wet socks to bed when you're drunk. Apparently, something to do with blood circulation. Tried it once and pulled them off within a minute.
What if you woke up as a Saiyan and had a lust for training but can only use current earths technology, so no bulma, no superpowered alien or anything of the sorts?
Time to go to planet fitness
The classic: energy blasts across the ocean.
But then you saw dragon ball z and realised you can go to godhood
What to do to take care of the shape and the body as a man of thirty?
Try not to eat garbage all the time and go for walks
Body weight exercises.
What drugs have you tried and what was it like?
Won’t list them all, but meth was good enough to make me leave my relationship, lose touch with friends, and stop working for 3 years. Made me horny quite a bit. Wouldn’t recommend it
Cocaine - love it Weed - ‘made me sick E - made me black out Ket- made me wee the bed😂😂
Weed. Not fun, mostly uncomfortable due to disassociating. This has happened all the fiveish times I've tried it. Opiates. Heavenly. Ruined my life. Sober 4 years in a week
Weed and it's fun. It gets me to stop worrying about bullshit and actually enjoy myself for like 2 hours. Magic mushrooms. I took a huge dose, hoping to defragment my mind. Didn't happen though, the experience was pretty underwhelming. I did feel like I was more introspective and worked through some personal stuff
Smoked weed for years and at the time loved it but ended up in a lot of debt over it.
Weed - mellows you outs and makes me sleepy or tired LSD - imagine your nerves are hyphened, energized, lasts 12 hours but the peak (hard hitter) is only like 4-5 hours Shrooms - felt a weird tingly in my body Hydros - relieved pained Oxycodone - also known as percocets ( relieved everything) hard day work and you’re body is sore take it and you won’t feel shit, mentally you won’t feel shit I really want a Percocet right now
Weed and did the cough syrup thing....the weed was good....the cough syrup I was completely detached from reality for like a day...like I was on a different planet.
Too many to list. Smoking heroin and crack was pretty fucking good. I can see how people find it moreish. Heroin takes away all of your physical pain and envelopes you like a warming hug. The ambience becomes cosy. No worries. I never liked crack on its own but the few (5 or 6) times I took it with H, I felt invulnerable, like I could live forever but at the same time not care if I died. Something above happy. Talkative (a lot of nonsense, though), confident, physically bigger. Hard to explain. Ketamine - Done it maybe 20 times. Each time is different, but often involving thinking that I know the secrets of the universe. Like I had tapped into a parallel universe or other dimension. Seeing what happens post-death. Acid - 50+ times. As with ket, different experiences, but often simply "getting it," eg, a greater understanding of the universe. All of the others, coke, speed, ecstasy, mdma, crystal have been relatively generic. Talkative, "loved up," energetic, narcissistic, annoying.
Weed is alright, unlike tobacco u cant get addicted, it may be downer a bit (if ur depressed I would avoid it, as well as meetings, jobs, avoid taking it when U have shit to do) but mostly depends on ur personality and what u trip ur mind out, its not a drug in my book, good to relax if u can twist and chill, but if ur scared of getting caught it will increase paranoia, so it basically amplified feelings a bit... oh and have some sweets, thank me later Cocaine is awesome, imagine watching worst movie ever, it will be best movie u ever watched, having worst convo in ur life? Coke will make it the best convo u ever had, but u take it once, a little, and u stop for next 7 days, high is awesome but that 'awesome' is its a pitfall as well.. expensive sport MDMA, pretty cool, better than Speed (which is usually mixed and is trash, trust me), u got project or study and need focuse to work on something or just want to party and feel nice, MDMA! LSD can't say much, I drank 2 liters of pure of vodka and didnt have any visual hallucination, but than again wasnt that drunk and my buddy pointed out 'If that LSD didnt kick in, u would be dead from liquor, it probably did kick in, but instead of giving hugh it just processed that liqour..', I took it, had no hallucinations but I was drunk. My friend was heavy user she still had side-effects like grass is blinking and sky is yellow for her, but had some cool experiences Heroin, burn it when u see it, please, same goes for meth and all other junk. So with 'normal'/'everyday peeps' drugs, it really comes down to what ur like as person and ur state of mind when U take it, so u may hear a lot of different experiences, but do what u want and hurt noone, life is there to live, just dont over-live it on drugs, there is more to it 😄
I'm suffering a similar fate. Getting pretty bad
The worst drugs are actually the best
K I never liked. People pushed me to do it. I was so damn annoyed that I did it to shut them up. About an hour later, told them I hated it and I SLOWLY walked to bed
which mushrooms did you take? how high was the dose? were you drinking or smoking weed regularly (couple times a week)? I once ate 2g of good dried mushrooms (cant remember exactly which ones) and didnt feel much different but i was a little drunk and stoned everyday at the time.
I finally decided to go to rehab and so far that’s helped. Went for 3 months and been sober for 5 months. Still crave with some regularity but it’s getting easier. Def not in the clear yet
I don’t know if I tried it properly cause I was on coke aswell
Dm if comfortable
What is an example of a cheater who actually prospered?
Lance Armstrong
you wouldn’t believe the amount of fraud within law schools, med schools, basically colleges in general.
The Pumpkin Eater.
Mr D J Trump
The easy answer is of course Donald Trump. He cheated on his first wife with his second wife. His second wife with his third. His third wife with a porn star. Yet even though this was all known, he still got elected as President. Yet he is not alone in this. Bill Clinton cheated on Hillary over and over again, and had two terms as President AND a very successful post-presidential career. Ronald Reagan - Patron Saint of the GOP - ditched his first wife Jane Wyman for Nancy. Newt Gingrich - who led the charge to impeach Bill Clinton for lying about infidelity - served divorce papers to one wife while she was in the hospital being treated for cancer so that he could run off and marry his mistress. Hell...John McCain ditched his ailing first wife so that he could marry the heiress of one of the richest families in Arizona.
Bill Clinton
My ex
Jon Jones. Hell maybe half of all successful UFC fighters, and all Pride fighters.
Bill Bellechick
William Thomas the swimmer.
DJT
Trump. At least up to now.
tRump
Donald Trump
Mike postle
I knew of two co-workers (not my colleagues) who had an affair for 25 years before one of them passed away. Both had spouses. The remaining AP was in his will and received $2 million.
Brad Pitt
Wallstreet in general everyday.
Frank Abignale.
More examples of that than the opposite I would think. Literally any billionaire. A sizeable percentage (if not majority) of professional athletes. Etc
Gavin Fucking Newsom.
What do you mean? Like someone who did wrong and they prospered?
Christian Horner.
This is the right answer
Okay, but he also helped raise half a billion dollars for cancer research. The guy could have been a CEO dumping gods know what into the water supply, but instead became a sociopath on a bike. All I'm saying is we got off easy.
i dont want to defend his cheating but i could hardly believe that he was the only one in his skill range doing so.
So easy in this digital age I bet.
Though the comeuppance is slowly getting there
It’s unfair to say pride fighters were cheaters only based on steroids. It was literally an encouraged thing back then.
The opposite of the cliche "cheaters never prosper", I assume.
And 18 of the top 20 places in the TdF were perennially just as juiced to the gills as he was lol. Bill Burr has a great bit about this lol.
Isn’t that what prospered means? Dude cheated then prospered for not just himself but for the world at large. Half a billion? What a legend
Dude I recently started a Data Science masters (10+ year gap between my MBA and this).... Certainly not cheating......buts let's just say the resources available to students these days is amazing lol.....school is so easy nowadays (even coding).
absolutely but that’s not even the half of it! Taking tests for others in classes of hundreds of students, paying people to do homework and even teachers. Even parents bribing admissions boards. theoretically with enough money you could earn a degree and never once go to a class or do an assignment.
Hopefully so
Yeah, I was just paraphrasing his Conan interview about Lance Armstrong. "Our roided up guy beat your roided up guy."
I bet. Even AI is making work easy... can imagine that for school too.
(Me sheepishly realizing the irony that my current masters program is practically learning AI.)
Is it "just" a big Database of what/if scenarios?
Conceptually, AI is just giving the program a goal then giving it prior data (that was gather while pursuing said goal) to "train" on. A + B + C = X Maybe X is "increase profit by 10%", A is marketing budget, B is product R&D spend, and C is othet business overhead. We give the program past data, and it tells us what changes to A/B/C have a higher likelihood or are the easiest way to get to the X we want. (Oversimplified, but maybe you get the idea.)
Thanks. All the best on your studies. Truly an interesting time with AI.
What do you love about your best friend?
His tail and wet snout
She has the ability to make my day just with a text. Doesn't matter what it is or what it says but I love that she can make me feel like that
her dumb ass smile :D
That I can go over to her house and just not talk. Most of the time, we pick a British TV show and pass out on the couch.
His strength and will to keep living inspire me to keep going
My husband is my best friend so I love everything! ❤️
He’s the love of my life
their very dark and politically incorrect sense of humour
we tell each other everything
That she is my wife.
The fact that we are still best friends after nearly 40 years.
That he actually WANTS to hang around me.
How we'll go to the ends of the earth for each other. And that she was supporting me while I was really struggling with depression.
She’s someone I can genuinely trust with everything, she’ll genuinely listen and give good advice or just be there for me and we like a lot of the same things
I hope your talking about a dog and not a human
That’s a secret I’ll never tell XOXO
Divorcees of Reddit who caught their ex cheating, how are you now?
I recently heard an audio recording of my husband of 10 years, paying and fucking a hooker. I filed divorce papers. The court date isn’t for months. This is killing me. Please tell me it gets better.
I’m picking up the pieces still but way better off than I was at the beginning. The path of finding yourself again is definitely a tough one to travel alone.
Found out my ex was fucking my best friend after I fed him, clothed him and took care of him. I opened Ed my doors and family to him. And that happened. It totally crushed me.. at least then. And out of the darkness, I found my now (wife) and we are happy married 4 years later (we knew each other since before HS). Life does get better everyone. Hang in there
Poetic username. Well, as someone who hasnt been in that situation but has witnessed many people in that situation (both the cheater and the one being cheated on). I can say that it only gets better if you are willing to move on from it. Now I am going to say this, it’s not your fault. However, there are factors that can lead into infidelity of which I wont go too into only because theres a lot to list. What I can say though is that the recovery time is a lot.. 10 years is a hot minute I won’t lie to you. But as you move forward, you will remember the good, but remember to learn from the bad so that way if you choose to go back to dating you can see what red flags to look for assuming you choose to date after. Being cheated on is very traumatizing, thats a fact and I can see why. The one inevitable thing that will come from this is major trust issues which are completely justified. You must remember though that they were the one’s who chose to go behind your back and that was their decision alone. You mustn’t blame yourself and instead remind yourself that you are in a very vulnerable position right now. When an animal is wounded, it must stop the bleeding or it will die. You are wounded so try and seek support from friends and family. Maybe look into therapy as well. If you need to let the tears flow for days, have it be done. But just remember that you mustn’t think you’re alone. Be good to yourself and find your strength, Im sorry that happened. Take care (uu
What's a modern amenity that you lived without until you realised what all the hype was about?
Smart watches are amazing. Wouldn’t go without one now because they’re so convenient.
A microwave. Didn’t use it growing up and when I moved out my apartment didn’t have one. Finally bought one when I moved again and didn’t realize how much more convenient it is to have one.
An air fryer
Streaming Music. I was anti streaming for a long time and didn’t come on until later.
Didn't have mobile data. So if I wanted to do anything online I needed the wifi-code or preload a bunch of pages so that I could read them later when I was without internet.
Air fryer
What is a hyper-specific physical feature you find attractive on a person?
Big ears
Eye colour, blue and green are striking, light Hazel even more. Dark brown eyes..nope they could be a super model and it would still be nope.
When ear is slightly visible through long auburn-colored hair
Idk how to explain it but I’m very picky about feet. I don’t like feet in a fetish way but it’s not hard for a woman’s feet to be a deal breaker for me.
The way they smile.. lets be honest some people have nice and charming smiles. Others have that fucking “ima murk you in your sleep” type smile.
The little dimples on the lower back of a woman.
Less of the ear I can see, the more attractive I'll find them
I love a man's hands and forearms. The more veins I can see, the better. And I want them big enough to use as a necklace. 😅 And tattoos bring up the hotness level by at least 2 points.
I like hands. There isn't exactly a specific type of hand. I just think they're lovely.
Fucked up teeth, more specifically a gap between the lateral incisor and canine (cuspid) or when one of the front teeth overlaps with the other.
Crooked teeth look cute sometimes
physically big and tall
I love a pronounced adams apple. Weird but true!
Nipples
Button noses, slightly uplifted. Idk why but they get me every time, so adorable
For white people, i want them to have a tan. Not unnaturally tan but also not too pale.
A very specific type of mouth that reminds me a little of a clowns mouth, with a really wide and inherently 3D smile. Idk if there’s a name for it or not
not trying to go straight for the nasty but... girl asshole
Large labia and/or clitoris. Huge turn on for me.
That’s a good one. Like when they’re sticking out of their hair ever so slightly?
I do like feet. Let me tell you friend there are some bad feet out there.
You wanna wear a necklace made of veins??
And a dudes asshole too right?
The biggest thing is just keeping them reasonably kept up but there’s some hot women who look like they’ve spent the better part of their free time kicking trees HARD. Deal breaker for me which is ironic because I hate my feet.
😂😂 I want to wear the hand as a necklace lol
haven't seen one, to each his own, it's all love
They look the same. At least on a shaved ass
well.. you know.. I wouldn't and won't ever
What is the thing or behavior that makes a girl interested in talking ?
If they smile and kinda laugh at what you say (assuming you’re funny) and also wanting to keep the conversation going.
Last time I checked that girls are humans. Just like you what behaviour makes you interested in talking? They either attracted, bored, interested in the topic or just wants to have a friendly conversation.
I am introvert don't have any experience
What are your hobbies?
Gaming poetry
Any chance you join a poetry club or invite a girl to play a specific game with you?
Maybe I'll try but usually they just say you don't seem like the talking type
what started out great in your friendship/relationship, that made you leave that you did not regret?
Constantly being ignored for a week at a time because "I need to think about how to say it". It's fine once or twice but once every few weeks is way to damn often with never actually saying what was wrong
Being ghosted despite me helping them in their time of need on multitude occasions. Turns out that I was just a safety net and once they found some other poor desperate sap that had something better, I was ghosted, then given a rant about something minute and oddly specific despite the air being cleared in person just to be thrown back at my face again and being told to never speak to them ever. It hurt cause we had good memories.. but time heals. Ladies, fellas, if your friends say they’re a red flag and point out stuff that is red flag behavior.. maybe just hear em out.
He was asking whether I was going to wait until marriage. I was barely 18. And when I tried explaining that I was asexual, and that the answer wasn't when I was going to start having sex, but if I was going to have sex, he got confused.
Artists of reddit,what is something every starter artist should know?
Save the fine-motor muscles for intricate SMALL details. Less likely to have severe carpal tunnel.
Tracing is ok to learn it’s just practice and once you get the hang of it you’ll add your own touch to artwork
a lot of people who try to make money off of their art end up losing the interest. try to just create for yourself or try to sell something every once in a while before making a whole etsy shop
Youre gonna suck at first but keep going at it.. yeah youve heard this okay some actual advice. Try. Other. Art. Styles. Youd be surprised as to what flows well when you experiment with a myriad of art styles. My favorite type is rubber hose style (Fleischer studios/Old Walt Disney) Also whatever you suck at drawing.. keep drawing it over and over again. I used to not be able to get hands well, 6 years later and I still suck with hands but not as much as I did 6 years ago. Hope this helps.
This one is a good one. I still suck at hands,but just like you said,i look back when i started and realized that i did improve somewhat.
Which one is more good for you, Dancing or Laughter?
Laughter cause I can’t dance
It depends but usually if I’m dancing I’m laughing so maybe dancing
Each are good in their own way. Dancing helps keep you physically fit, and laughter helps to reduce stress levels. Both are important for overall health.
What is a good way to deal with a friends partner that aways tags along to group events, when several of the group genuinely can't stand them?
Tell them that no one likes them.
God 😒 I had cousin and wed do everything together until she got a man and she'd invited his ass everywhere don't normally care about tag alongs but this guy was fuckin miserable to be around, never wanted to participate in anything we did would just walk around circling around the area we were in sighing and asking when we would leave " how longs this gonna take" "y'all actually enjoy this shit?" Non stop, Literally go tf home bro🙄, we should be able to tell folks their partner makes us miserable and them understand, but it's just not reality, me bringing it up would just have caused an issues between us so I decided to skip the fight we would have had and just went straight to cutting her off. Don't regret it one bit.stop inviting your friend to join y'all.
It's heading that way but I guess I'm looking for a way to be nicer about it. Either to the friend or their partner. They're not a bad person they're just very draining to be around. To the extent that yes, nobody likes them.
It’s the hard way but the right way. Don’t have to be mean but it isn’t getting solved any other way.
It's tricky here where this is a subset of a bigger community group. We all, including the partner, are part of that bigger group and go to their events, parties, etc. But us the smaller friend group also hang out cos we're just friends. But now the annoying person has started a friends with benefits type thing with one of us, and comes along to everything, and she just makes everything I to a debate because she finds that fun. Can't just talk normally because if people aren't arguing she's bored. More issues with her but whatever. Its just tough cos to confront her too head on can then cause problems within the bigger community we all are part of, have friends with etc (local community group basically for our city but it's quite tight knit)
Who is your celebrity or Tiktok crush?
Kaya Scodelario
Taylor Zakar Pérez, Nicholas Galitzine, Damson Idris, Gong Yoo, Dev Patel Variety is the spice of my life.
Dan Stevens and Emma Stone
Liv Morgan
Sophie Rain
Candle Jenner
Are people still on TikTok??
Javier bardem
My crush is Courtney Ryan. She already has a husband so I know I never have a chance with her; but she is a 10/10 Her tits are amazing, nice ass, beautiful face and she is also conservative. I would pay $5k for her to sleep with me for the night lol
Great choice
Nobody asked for details bro. You could've just said her name instead of being a perv
I can enact my 1st amendment right and say whatever I want bro
You have no clue what the first amendment is lol
Bold of you to assume I know what that is
Freedom of Speech MF. Something you Democrats have no idea what it is
Proof you have no idea what the first amendment is lol
How do young kids, like Taj Farrant, get to be highly skilled at something?
Practice and proper guidance
I think some people are born with a natural talent. Then with endless practice and determination, they can improve that talent to levels most of us could only dream of.
How did you grown your nail beds back from biting your nails ?
They grow on their own
The nail beds or just the nails ?
What is your biggest flex for this year?
Got a $1.50/hour raise. Woohoo!
What are your thoughts on Kim Mulkey?
seems like a horrifying uber-Karen on steroids like those ones screaming the loudest at MAGA rallys
Of course I don't know, but I don't think she's a nice person.
Ask reddit after the Washington post article drops lol
No idea who that is
Yeah I’m with you. Main thought is who the fuck is that?
What is the most infuriating thing to you as an artist?
Ai
How much real life intrudes when you want to focus on the art.
How we give a guy butterflies?
Pinned onto corkboard?
what if you want them to be alive?
Charitable of you to assume they aren't.
How did you find out what sex is?
I was told in Kindergarten by another kid that sex is when a boy puts his peepee in a girl’s hole.
my mom told me
Maturation programs in 5th grade
What does everyone think of the Nokia XR21 smartphone?
If today is opposite day, who are you?
I am not me
Influxed code
A mean kid
Salad bowl
Highly disciplined, motivated, goal oriented physically fit female with a strong support network.
Someone great at completing their homework on time, and never procrastinates.
A strong adult woman who is married and is rich
What's by far the best sound your partner has produced since you're both together?
He moaning my name
Sayin i love u with sleepy voice
Soft moan and it's not even close
His laugh
Did that shock or surprise you ?
No 😂
I fully understand :)
Your on death row and offered a last supper, any dishes from any restaurant, what is your perfect last meal?
Being a basic bitch till the end, chicken tenders with fries and ranch
Nice London broil steak with potatoes and a shot of bourbon
NYC pizza pie with sausage from Lucali. A NY Cheesecake from the Dix Hills Diner. ...if alcohol is OK, sangria and then coffee with dessert.
Chilis triple dipper: Honey chipotle chicken, Sliders x2. Mouth watering rn
Olive Garden's never ending pasta bar. "Never Ending".
Kbbq
Chicken wings from Long Wongs, carne asada fries from Filiberto’s, those weird pudding cups you find at Walmart, a few of my fav beers
In flint Michigan there was a little Chinese food place in a run down strip mall named China city. I want their mild general Tso’s chicken with chicken fried rice and two egg rolls. Then I want to get a three liter bottle of Stars and Stripes cola from the dollar store next door. It’s been ten years since I’ve been there but how amazing their food was still haunts me today.
You’re
A pepperoni pizza a beef lasagna and a bowl of mac and cheese
Hard to go wrong with that. I was thinking what I’d want but this is a good one. Extra ranch.
Where from? Or home cooked?
And I'm 100% a basic bitch too. Chicken fingers and hot dogs allll the time lol
Nice add on with the bourbon, im a brown liquor girl myself
So New York based. Love it. I'll add those to my to try NYC foods!!
Damnit
From anywhere in particular?
Best ones I've ever had were from a diner on the other side of my town, I can't remember the name to save me. Nice old couple ran it
Can't beat mom and pop places 💯
What’s a weird phobia you have that you are embarrassed to share normally?
Mirrors at night in places I'm unfamiliar with.
Dogs, even small ones
Guillotines. I had some really bad nightmares as a kid, and though I've gotten over my irrational fear of death, by decapitation, I am still afraid of guillotines.
Getting abducted by aliens
What were you accused of that you didn't do?
I had to go to HR and give formal depositions about a bunch of accusations. I was asked "why did you follow her to the bathroom" which is a bullshit question because it assumes I had done that. When in fact I had gone to the directors office when the girl didn't return for over 20 minutes from a bathroom break during training. "Why did you follow her around the department?" Well because part of the job is delivering sensitive documents to specific locations and I was training her to to the job. She would email some of our mutual coworkers, who luckily let HR see their email, where she had said that she was going to take me down and one day be my boss and make my life hell. The girl even found my old FB profile, found my EX, and was asking my ex all about me and my relationship with my ex. I have the screenshots of it too this day. She was terminated, It was removed from my record.
A teacher claimed I was cheating just because I took the longest on a test. This happened twice the same year, same teacher.
... Where is the logic?
Nowhere. Don’t wanna sound like one of those BLM activists who immediately blame it on racism, but…
😟 have to trust your judgment, you're the only one in your shoes
People who got kicked out of a flight what’s your story?
I was kicked out because the flight attendant insisted my emotional support peacock needed its own seat, but I argued that it was capable of perching on my shoulder for the duration of the flight.
What's your favorite moment from The hunger games movies?
What's the best and most ethical way to be rebellious?
Playing stupid. You will be amazed how often a) people get tired of trying to make you adhere to rules when you make them explain the rule to you every single time they ask you to follow it and b) how powerful simply wasting someone's time can be. Time is our most precious commodity. Purposefully wasting someone else's to get the outcome you desire is not only fun – but wildly effective.
If every Hollywood actor decided to take over the world using all the fame, money, looks, status, and power at their disposal, which star would come out on top?
Keanu Reeves and I think I’d be ok with it.
If you had the ability to download knowledge directly into your brain to aquire new skills, what would be the first thing you'd download?
Languages. How awesome would it be to be able to communicate with everyone in the world?
I know kung fu
The first thing I'd download would probably be "How to convincingly fake knowing how to play the accordion," because nothing impresses at a party like spontaneously breaking into an accordion solo, even if you have no clue what you're doing!
openai AI knowledge
GPS. I'm always getting lost.
Jerry stop uploading your porn to my brain when I'm sleeping. You're depraved. God damnit Jerry
Cutdown on Reddit from 15 to 14 hours / day.
In fact downloading knowledge into your brain will be possible in 2033 for people from Europe only,no costs involved. This will make Europeans the most skilled persons on the planet.
Top 100 best selling self help books
Another language.
Kung-fu of course.
How to attract someone so we can have sex
Updates to motivation driver.
How to get social ques and when to shut up.
How to understand my wife in ten words or less.
The knowledge about how that works, in case something goes wrong or there's a better way to do it.
Languages, followed by high level maths (physics, astronomy), economics.
'how to dominate the world.' You'd get politics, technology, military tactics, money management, psychology. All kinds of crazy good stuff that you dont even have to dominate the world with.
Speaking fluent Irish. I’m dreading the LC, especially orals bc I can’t speak a word
Coding :-)
Exactly. It would be an incredibly valuable practical skill.
But it would take the same effort to just download actually knowing how to play an accordion... Sometimes people's thought process baffles me...
Why am I not surprised?
Because you're EU citizen?
What is something you wish existed?
A domesticated racoon
Happy people worldwide.
An electric collar that once a person ascertained enough individual Wealth. They would be shocked for every penny over or if they left the country and didn’t pay tax. while still being able to earn and build business just the product over this would not be part of their assets. The systems should be about I’ve earned enough how can I make the world better for everyone now. But apparently it’s not enough. It’s not enough unless there is always a profit vs net even. What if you did net even in the most effective and efficient way.
A device that automatically refills my coffee cup every time it's empty, and magically transforms any task I don't want to do into a fun game show hosted by a robot
Teleporter
Like programmable windows?
Lmao. When I lived in Guatemala a family had a semi-domesticated Coati
Lmfao
Non-native English speakers, which words surprised you how they’re pronounced after reading them wrong in your head all the time?
Words with silent letters like ‘island’ for example.
“Talk” I thought they pronounce the L
Archive. It pronouns as ar-k-ayv. But I thought it was like ar-schive as German.
How do you make money at 15? (Serious)
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
Fast food jobs
Getting a job.
Retail/fast food and odd jobs
Mow lawns, shovel driveways. My very oldmom pays some kid $40/mo to take her garbage cans to the curb and back once a week.
I made money at 10. I bought toy kids from another city then I sold it to my classmates :)
Now there are a lot of opportunities to make money in the crypto industry from scratch. I understand that many people think that this is a scam, but if it is possible to have money without investments, then why not try.
Digital paper route.
I worked at a dog kennel. Worked under the table for $5/hr cleaning dog shit. I went to college with a nice little discretionary find for 2002.
i've seen people selling candy at school before lol
I went cleaning schools in holidays
Farm work
baby/pet sitting, yard work, cleaning and organizing, ask family if they would be willing to let you return their pop bottles and keep the deposit
Could you explain?
What would you like to do/say if given the chance to meet a loved one who has passed away?
Thank you for everything.
I'd just go fishing with my grandpa again. I didn't leave much unsaid.
I said everything I wanted to before my grandparents died. Does this include the other grandparents I never met?
I'm so sorry I preferred being in denial than talking to you when you had your cancer diagnosis, Poppy.
One more shot of tequila together?
Before he died of lung cancer I promised to one of my relatives that I will never smoke in my life, I was a teenager then. I'm an adult now (though it doesn't feel much different) and I've never smoked in my life. So, if I got to see him one last time again, I would say "I keep my promise"
I would have tea with my grandma. She was incredibly charming, warm, and loving, but she lived across the country, and I went down to visit her when she was dying but she had 9 kids and 30+ grandkids, so everyone was swarming her and making sure she took her pills and I never got a chance to really connect before she passed unexpectedly. I had a pretty serious suicide attempt in the past and I just wanted know what was going through her mind, being so close to death. I felt like I could've offered her something or gotten an answer I needed or idk simply relate on some special level but i never got the chance.
Is it allowed to choose a pet instead of a person?
Teach them to haunt my enemies, obviously.
The only loved ones that I met that have died were my mums grandparents. No idea what I’d say though
If you love them, ya of course
I’d say yes. As someone who has 2 cats and 2 dogs id definitely would want to see one of them again if they passed
I’d like to meet my grandfather from my mom’s side. He passed away way before I was born. I don’t think I’d ask him anything, I’d just listen.
What is the most innocent, well-meaning lie you have ever told your partner?
I came
That she's hotter than her sister
There has never been a pair of pants sewn that could make your butt look fat.
What social media influencers are the most annoying?
r/nycinfluencersnark
Online ‘coaches’ that scam people for a lot of money…
For those who asked: my PrOdUcT is available with code 007. NO ONE ASKED, Jan!
All of them. I think the only "Influencer" I watch is Moist Critikal, is he an influencer? I don't get influenced by his opinions on games/shows/movies, I can make up my own mind
The ones using X
All of them
What piece of media are you a fan of, and who are some of the most significant fans in the community?
Hazbin Hotel. No idea.
Bridgerton; Beyoncé is a fan One Piece; Jamie Lee Curtis is a fan My Hero Academia; Megan Thee Stallion is a fan
People who have lost 20-30 pounds, what things did you do different?
Portion control. That’s the biggest thing.
I know people hate hearing it but I just ate less and did more. I'd wait about a half hour passed when I was hungry to actually eat. I'd eat slower and a slightly smaller portion. Your body gets used to that pretty fast. As for the exercise, it started with short walks around the block and just started to get longer as I got more used to them and eventually became a love of hiking.
Moved to NYC. Walking a lot plus being broke can help you lose a lot of weight.
I got a food scale for cheap at Walmart, downloaded a diet tracking app, and measured everything I ate to ensure I was actually staying in a caloric deficit of 500. Allowed me to drop about 50lbs in a year
more protein + fewer carbs + daily cardio
I counted calories. When I reached my limit I quit eating for the day.
I changed my diet and exercised more
Take this with a grain of salt because I still have 20 more to go, but the other 30 pounds went away when I started running everyday and making it a point to replace one meal a day with a salad. For the running I cycled between walking and running for five minutes each for half an hour and slowly increased the time spent exercising. The hardest part truly was showing up, but the rotation of walking and running made it feel less daunting and more sustainable.
Not snacking and just being a bit more mindful of what I was putting in my mouth.
I ate less and moved more. Portion control. Just stop eating so damn much. No ones saying you can’t eat unhealthy foods, just eat less of it. And for the love of god, get up and move. And if you can’t determine how to eat less, look at calories religiously
Weight Watchers. It encourages all of the things that everyone here is already talking about -- healthy choices, portion control, and exercise. Some people can go it alone, but I needed the support of a structured program.
My big change was going from 190 -> 165. Every day after work I'd come home, prepare some combination of protein and vegetables, do 15 minutes of working out while the oven pre-heated, and shower while the food was cooking in the oven. Healthy meal and exercise in a 30\ minute chunk after work, 5 days a week (lazy on weekends), and not snacking constantly through the rest of the day (which is easy with a job, much harder at home with access to constant food). In about 6 months, I was below 170 and happy with my results, and the lifestyle change was very insignificant.
Eat when you are hungry and not when you are bored. Stop eating when you are not hungry any more and not when you are absolutely stuffed.
Stopped eating crap. That's all I did to go from about 275lbs down to about 180. I was eating crap throughout the day, 4 or 5 cans of full fat coke a day, sausage rolls at break time during work, chocolate bars, crisps. On an evening I would have 6 cans of Stella and 2 Ginsters pasties. One day I read the back of one of the pasties and realised they were 1100 calories each and I was eating 2 of those on an evening. No additional exercise, didn't stop drinking booze, just stopped eating absolute processed crap and treated cans of coke as a treat instead of my go-to drink, and instead of 2 processed pasties I would have a chicken stir-fry.
You can't out train a bad diet.
I was on a keto diet and lost 60 pounds over the course of 4 months. There isn’t really any secret. Just be active and eat less. Keto helped me due to it helping suppress by appetite which helped me eat less throughout the day. The main thing is just finding a physical activity you enjoy and finding a diet that works well with your preferences. From there it’s just staying consistent.
calorie counting with some light walking Biggest help is having a list of staple foods that are tasty and work well within a calorically restricted diet. My goal would be 2 lbs per week so giving myself leniency meant I could still lose at least 1lb I did weekly goals as well. Like no ordering out or drinking a certain amount of water a day. Doing goals a week at a time was much more manageable and also kept me interested cause I could keep switching up my goal week to week
I ate less.
Reduced carbs, processed foods, alcohol. Walked a lot more. Worked on my mental health and anxiety.
Increased protein consumption and lowered portions. That’s it. From 260 in January to 215 in March. No exercise, no gym memberships, nothing but eating control.
I've been counting my calories since the start of the year. I stick to 1100-1200 calories daily and it's been very effective for me. I'm down almost 22 lbs
Eat less exercise more. Losing weight is incredibly simple. But it is also very difficult mentally. Be stronger than the cravings.
Stopped eating after 8pm. Only drank water. Sounds like bullshit but this paired with monitoring my calorie intake took off about 28 lbs in 4 months. It probably helps I only drink water and the occasional (once or twice a week) Diet Coke.
I lost 135 pounds in nine months limiting carbs, with an emphasis on fats and proteins. I got a kitchen scale and we weighed and meaured everything. Whole foods, portion control, a calorie deficit and being in ''fat burning mode'' (ketosis) the entire time made all the difference. Appetite was a none issue the entire time. Went from 320 to 185. (6'2'' M)
I lost 40kg (90lbs). I cut sugar to almost nothing, extreme portion control, small portion of meat, steamed vegetables for lunch and bran flakes for dinner for about a year. No junk food whatsoever.
Cut down on carbs by a lot. Doing so lessened my cravings for sweets and my appetite overall. I also started moving more. I don’t do keto - I still eat fruit (mostly berries) and veggies - but I try to avoid pasta, potatoes and rice. Still cheat occasionally and don’t worry too much if I’m traveling or somewhere where there aren’t good options, but if it’s under my control, I keep it low carb.
I lost 40 pounds by walking a minimum of 7500 steps a day, strength trained 3-5x week. Lastly, I counted my calories to track what I was consuming. I aimed for 1500 calories a day and prioritized protein (100g+). It took 6 months of consistency and keeping (ish) to this routine has kept it off for 3 years.
9 years ago I made the decision to get healthy. Wanted to lose at least 30 lbs (ended up dropping 50 when all was said and done and have kept it off). Quit soda and caffeine of any kind, portion control, and working out a bunch. Still maintain good portion control and still love to get out there and sweat.
Portion control, more fruit and vegetables, lean protein. Cut out added sugar and cut down on carbs.
Expend more calories than you consume. That's it. It IS that simple.
Portion control and keto…
Stopped taking a medication that made me gain weight.
I started intermittent fasting. Total game changer for me.
Increase cardio. Decrease carbs.
theres only two things you can do: calories down and / or exercise up. the best result is the mix of both. thats literally all there is to it. and i just upped my exercise a lot. in comparison to doing fuck all.
I had kids. I don't have time to snack anymore, and if I do they take 1/4 of it out of my hands.
Stop eating calorie dense foods like nuts. Think about what you eat in terms of how full it will make you feel. For instance, 100 calories of grapes will make you feel much fuller then 100 calories of raisins. Eat more fresh fruit. Eat way more vegetables. They fill you up and don't have a lot of calories.
Mostly just eat less. Skip breakfast, have normal lunch, sandwich for dinner. Cut out sugary stuff as much as possible. That's really it. Too many people eat until they're stuffed. You have to get in the habit of simply eating a reasonable portion of food, enough so you're not hungry anymore, but not so much that you're completely stuffed. Now the idea of eating a massive plate of food makes me nauseous.
Eat less
I had to choose between food and mortgage payments 👍
Mounjaro
Portion control, watch your carb intake, no sugary sodas AT ALL switch to diet or zero sugar drinks, if you drink a lot of alcohol be smart about what type of alcohol and how much, stay on a good schedule with eating an sleeping, eat breakfast (whenever you wake up eat), big lunch, small dinner don't eat 2.5 hours before you go to bed and if you do eat sweets eat them in the morning. That way your body has the whole day to burn off the sugar.
Stopped overestimating my activity level on the calorie calculators
I just ate less. Stuck to a calorie goal 6 days a week. 20kg down in 4 months.
Counting calories and walking every day.
I was depressed.
Cut alcohol completely and paid more attention to what I was eating.
Diet and exercise. Stopped drinking alcohol and I started using food as fuel for my body instead of just eating what I was in the mood for. I dropped about 60 pounds from Oct 2019 to August 2020. I've kept the weight off and formed good habits.
Ate the same food but in smaller portions and cut down on sugar intake and lost 30 lbs Started working out to maintain the weight loss. Then I cut out processed foods like chips and dropped another 10 lbs. Essentially dropped 40 lbs by eating less and working out regularly.
ate less, exercised more.
I have lost over 120 pounds. It’s literally all calorie control. Every diet you’ve ever seen or heard of is just some strategy to fool you into eating less calories. Your body can’t break the laws of thermodynamics. You can’t eat some magical berries or eat some special ratio of protein and expect the weight to just disappear. You figure out your maintenance calories and then you eat 500 calories below that to lose a pound a week. Eat 1000 calories below your maintenance and you’ll lose 2 pounds a week. Simple as that. If you want to figure out your maintenance calories there are calorie calculators online for free.
Clean eating…. Basically cut out processed sugar, eat lots of fruit and veggies, lean proteins
Gym 6x a week. It sounds excessive but so was my weight. Replaced all drinks with water. No soda, juice, Gatorade etc. It definitely made a difference.
All drinks are water. If it’s not water it counts as candy. Started using MyFitnessPal and logging calories. I don’t know that this is necessary long term. The thing it did was give me an idea of how much I was eating and how much I needed to eat. Then I would have to “budget” calories like money and get to know what things are healthy/worth it/good to eat for a regular meal.
Stepped on a landmine.
Imma be quick, 95% of the job is what are you eating. You can stay 24/7 in the bed, eating the right amount of calories with not too much junk involved and you're done. You need consistency. So basically THE ONLY thing you have to do is to find an acceptable routine regarding what are you eating. I hated almost everything I was eating back then, still lost tons of kgs. exercises are not for losing weight, they are still super powerful, don't focus on cardio but on flexibility and tonicity if you want to feel better. I have spent countless hours behind these things, all by myself tho, but I got the truth behind it.
I lost 20 pounds once because there was a hole in my wallet… I bought a new wallet.
Ate fewer calories.
Pissed off my gallbladder. I have PCOS and have been in the 170's since I was 17. Due to the PCOS being undiagnosed and untreated for 20 years, I ended up with NAFLD, T2D, and a hackey sack for a gallbladder. I was prescribed Ozempic for my A1C since lifestyle changes + Metformin wasn't cutting it. Oz cut my hunger signals, which meant I ate much smaller meals and didn't mindlessly snack. As I started losing weight my gallbladder began having colic, which caused me to vomit almost everything I consumed. I was at 140 and had super low potassium when I was scheduled to have my gallbladder out. Today I feel much better and am sitting at 153 wirh an A1C of 5.7. My stomach has shrank, so I don't eat as much. I'm constantly active at work, but now I'm cleaning up my basement, so I have a place to do weights and such. I'd like to get to 135, which is the high end of a healthy weight for my height.
Was hungry for quite some time. Good indikation of progress.
Ate less first and created a habit with that, then once I lost weight, it was easier to exercise more .Got a treadmill and I'm down 70 lbs total.
No fast food and no vending machines to start
Intermittent fasting
Cut out fast food, white bread, gravies and sauces, most sugar and walk treadmill 15 min a day. Went from 168 to currently 136. I have a protein powder and fruit smoothie every morning (using 1% milk). Typically a Roasted chicken or turkey sandwich on whole wheat for lunch, then some low fat delicious dinner. My "snacks" now include bananas, Grapes, Walnuts, Cantaloupe and if I really need something sweet, Angel Food Cake or fig newton's.
I worked out controlled my calorie intake and controlled my portions and lost 50lbs last year and rode for 12 miles/day on a stationary bike at the gym
I'm 10kg down from Christmas and 17kg down since last year. I've been tracking my calories with fitnesspal, trying to keep myself around my BMR calorie intake whilst hitting the gym at least 5 times a week weightlifting and 30 minutes cardio at the end of each session. Down from 108kg to 91kg, plan to lose another 5/6kg before bulking back up
I focus on protein, veggies and fruits. If you're a snacker, trade chips for carrots and hummus. Healthier swaps. Find high protein snacks. Drink water, rest and recover. Sleep enough. Move more. I strength train and do cardio to fill the rest of the time at the gym. My active rest days might be biking and stretching extra well. Or cleaning the house. Days off count just as much. I think the biggest thing is know your schedule. I plan weekly knowing what's going on and when I'm getting to the gym. I will also meal prep stuff to grab and go.
Few years back I was having stomach issues and my Dr suggested an elimination diet. A few months after I started to introduce certain foods, I figured out corn was causing me a lot of issues. I’m now very careful with what I eat, because corn seems to be in everything. So less processed foods, which meant less snacking, which turned into portion control and I dropped 25lbs and have maintained 140lbs for about 3 years now.
Quit drinking and ate less. Didn't workout too much but over the course of 2 years I've lost about 25lbs.
Got back to working out working hard to cut down portion sizes. I was being a pig and sometimes getting 2 appetizers with my entree. Now i often bring half of my entree home. I also just have fruit and yogurt sometimes for lunch. Cutting out soda is also big. I hate doing cardio but try to do some laps in our pool a few times a week or doing 200 calorie walks a couple times a week.
The DASH diet absolutely dissipated the pounds. I specifically had issues with blood pressure, so I tried it out in an attempt to get in under control. Took me around 2.5 or 3 months to lose 20 lbs.
The DASH diet absolutely dissipated the pounds. I specifically had issues with blood pressure, so I tried it out in an attempt to get in under control. Took me around 2.5 or 3 months to lose 20 lbs.
Lost 20 pounds by giving up sodas and fried foods, french fries mostly. Still had my deserts on occasion. The sodas were the big thing. I limit myself to one a week. Don't even really miss them.
Eat healthy, drink lots of water and regular exercise thats literally all there is to it. I know people that drink more soda loaded with sugar than they do water and wonder why they are not losing weight like really ? Do i have to spell it out for you.
There were a bunch of things, most of them mentioned here. However, I did find some substitutes for some things. As an example, I have a bit of a sweet tooth and liked to have some kind of dessert in the evening. Frozen mango thawed just a little bit to soften it replaced ice cream for me.
No matter how you look at it, it's basically controlled starvation.
Use adverbs
I lost 100. The first 30 was cutting out alcohol (I drank beer). Then I quit buying all the bs snacks at the grocery because I just eat tons of it til it's gone. Then I worked more on my portions that was all I did.
Only thing that actually worked for me in the longrun is:  more exercise  healthier food  i started to do 20/4 fasting, meaning I usually only have a window of 4 hours per day to eat. Was a life changer for me, I feel a lot better, all the craving is gone. Doing it now more or less strict for 10 years and it works for me, my weight never changed negatively
Honestly something as simple as cutting out empty calories makes a huge difference. I never counted calories, just made sure everything I put in my body had the purpose of keeping me full (ex. high protein foods) for as little calories as possible.
Eat more protein. Lift more weights.
No food or calories (alcohol) after 8 pm. Significantly cut back on alcohol consumption. Portion control. Exercise and weight lifting. 220 - 185 lbs over the last 12 months.
You need to walk, move more and intake less calories. Even still eat loads. But less calories. And drink water. Don’t eat until 2pm. And don’t eat after 7pm. Drink only water. No alchol. No cofee. No soda. Water. WAlK WALK WALK
Added Cayenne pepper to my coffee every morning
I couldn't find the will to leave my bed or eat more than a few bites for food a day.
I lost 50 pounds in less than a year. I cut out drinking and started eating healthy and also cooked my own food. No dining out. Running and martial arts became apart of my daily routine.
Waited for cost of living crisis. Works 100% of the time. Only downfall is you don't get happier or healthier.
Got a job where I have no time to eat
Don't deny myself anything I want, I just eat smaller portions
The biggest thing that helped me was not eating after 5pm. I also drank tons of water to help from being so hungry. Going from gigantic size portions to actual recommended size feels like you’re starving… so water helps. I was super poor and couldn’t afford a gym membership so I did excises in my living room and walked/ran to keep my mind off of food.
Cut 95% of the booze out your life. 2 hard boiled eggs and 2-3 slice bacon for breakfast. Huge veggie salad for lunch. Whatever the hell I want for dinner. 2-3 protein shakes a day. Gym 6 days a week. 245 to 215 in 5 months.
I lost 35lbs doing intermittent fasting and portion control!
I cut out pretty much all sugary drinks, basically drink water all day with occasional decaf coffee. I stick to three meals a day and don't eat after dinner past 6pm. I also limit any junk food or processed foods. Getting a gnarly case of GERD last year was a wakeup call for me.
had cancer and got treatments that made me vomit everytime i got anything in my mouth
Started exercising more.
Lost just under 20lbs over 4/5 months. The best thing I've done is track my calories and use an electronic balance to weigh my food. Learned not to exclude any food I like, that is why I can maintain my diet. I've gone beyond my ideal weight but still continue to track my calories. This method is sustainable. I also do moderate exercise. Try to do 7000/8000 and used to do weights.
Walking. I’m current relosing that 20-30 pounds from my 3rd baby, but every time it’s been walking.
Lost 45 pounds over time by eating an avocado every day and cut out frozen dinners (the full-fat ones such as Stouffer's, Marie Calendar, etc.).
Jogging in the morning. And the morning aspect was key because if I set my alarm for a time earlier than I had to be up but still got up and got ready and went out in the cold at 6am and did a run which burned around 700 calories, there was no way I was going to put back on 200 calories because I wanted a snack. It set a discipline. Plus jogging before the rest of the world wakes up is incredibly good for mental wellbeing. It's so peaceful and to be honest, it makes you feel a bit superior.
Stress
Depression works really well for weight loss. Accompanied by self loathing
Stop drinking booze. Beer. Damn, that’s hard. So hard that I’m not drinking anymore because I don’t want to do it again in the future. (It=quitting beer)
Ozempic
Mixing in high volume low calorie food in with carbs. Every-time I cook rice I have a cup of finely chopped broccoli, barely notice.
Portion control works. Some of the diets work. But I've done this experiment 3 times in my life and I'm currently going through the third time. You will lose more than 20-30 pounds this way. First, cut out caffeine and soda completely. The only things I drink are water, tea made from natural leaves, black coffee and freshly squeezed fruit juices. Second, processed foods and unnatural sugars have got to go. My meat and eggs are bought organically or from a direct source with no processed tampering. Third, literally 15-20 minutes of exercise a day. Doesn't matter what it is as long as it gets your blood pumping and that heart beating. Fourth and MOST IMPORTABTLY. Fasting. Whether it's intermittent fasting or fasting for a day or two every week or every other week. Your body is way stronger that you realize and is very good at regulating and healing itself as long as it's not filled with shit. If you like to drink, red wine is very good for this as well. Some light beer won't kill you either. Avoid liqour if you can.
Eat a small lunch or allmost no lunch at allt. Eat a nice dinner. Done. Or just go OMAD. One meal a day. No breakfast or lunch.
I stopped drinking calories and switched to water, seltzer, and unsweetened tea. I also started walking. Just to the corner and back at first, then worked my way up. I did later reduce carbs and swap in things like spaghetti squash and eat more non-starchy veggies. Not to go keto or anything, just as a way to reduce calories and up the nutrient content.
I stopped drinking soda and lost it in 2 weeks.
I started running. In the past, I tried the calorie tracking/portion control thing, but I have food issues and honestly don’t eat very healthy stuff, so there’s only so much I can do on that front and still avoid hunger problems. So I had to increase activity, and running, to my shock, worked for me.
Read the labels on food. If it says a serving of peanut butter is 2 TBS then actually measure out only 2 TBS! If a serving of nuts is 1/4 cup then measure out and only eat 1/4 cup. This helps with portion sizes. Drink lots.of water whenever you eat and you'll probably be surprised how full you feel afterwards. And keep track of what you eat throughout the day so you don't overeat. Lots of small meals/snacks throughout day also helps so you never get overly hungry.
Gave up soda for the most part. I learned to love drinking water. That was huge for me.
Cut out the worst items, cut back in general. It is not rocket science. The hard part is not some super secret science, the hard part is sticking to it consistently, permanently
Ate less and yoga everyday.
Lost 50 lbs since December. Keto and IF were the biggest factors.
Stopped drinking almost completely. Reduced carbs in general. Never eat breakfast and sometimes skip lunch too. Started calisthenics in addition to my normal biking and running. I learned to love pushups and pullups once the weight came off.
I quit drinking. Dropped about 35lbs in 3 months. A mix of the drinking itself (which was quite bit really), the crappy food I would eat on the way home from the bar (general Tso, I’m looking in your direction), and the additional energy to actually get out and run rather than be a hung over lump. It just slid away to the point that my parents were worried I was unhealthy.
I went from 218 to 179. I wish I had reached out for help in the beginning stages, hurt myself many times and I'm sure my weight loss journey would have been shorter if I had asked for it. Also, I started running more and changed my diet. I stopped drinking soda but since I was a bit addicted,I switched to Seltzer. Also, figured out that whey protein is better for building muscle than the other proteins. I focused more on calisthenics than weights. Lmk if you need help.
Work out more and skip the high calorie alcohol (craft beers are the worst). Apple Watch is awesome.
Delivered a baby
Druggiess💀
Stopped taking Zoloft
Cut out red meat ,fast food,soda and junk food
Portion control, cut out carbs
Full blown Celiac disease- lost 25 pounds in 6 weeks as a result of constant vomiting and diarrhea - in spite of eating as much as I could. This was several decades ago when no one had heard of it, and I honestly thought it was cancer. Incredible relief when I learned it was not, but it hasn’t been easy. 1/10 - would not recommend
I have lost 50 pounds or more twice. The first time I did it with all the top comments advice here saying "eat fewer calories than you burn". While, yes, that is technically true, I was frequently hungry, always tired, and wasn't particularly enjoying what I was eating. That is to say, it was not sustainable in a the long term. And I think most people want to keep the weight off (I managed to keep most of it off for 8 years, but the force of will is difficult). Most recently I lost the weight WAY easier. I actually had the more energy and less hunger that they always tout with weight loss. The main things were: 1. Sort of intermittent fasting (but only like 12-16 hours a day, nothing extreme). Only eat meals, no eating between meals, but you can eat as much as you want during the meal (I prefer 2 meals a day rather than 1 or 3). Try to keep the carbs relatively low (no more than 100 grams most days). Eliminate as much processed food as possible... "hyper-palatable" food will make you overeat and crave food when you shouldn't. Resistance training is excellent to speed the process along, but I know it isn't for everyone. It isn't necessary, but often times faster results make people stick with it longer. And the good brain chemicals that come with exercise can sort of shift a person away from feeling the need to eat to fill that void, if that is what a person is experiencing (I think many do).
Well first eat less so that means being in a caloric deficit. Space out my food so I won't be hungry all the time. I eat a late breakfast around 11am then lunch around 4pm then dinner around 7
1) Find an exercise routine you enjoy doing and make it your hobby. 2) Stop drinking alcohol and soda. 3) I drank cold straight black coffee each morning for caffeine. 4) Portion control your food / cut out empty calories.
Counting carbs
I've lost that much weight a few times. Most times I do it unhealthily. I just drop the weight as fast as I can and only pay attention to the maintenance phase afterwards. It normally works better than most people because the maintenance phase is the most important part for sustaining weight loss and I don't have the attention span to count calories for 6 months. Also, every time I've lost weight it's been at about 5 years before I started to gain it back again. And the second time it was due to an injury. So it can work if you reintroduce food correctly, albeit, it's still not the suggested. Number one thing for me though is when you live an active life it's easier to eat healthier because your body works better and you can enjoy your physical activities more. I prioritize lifting, then add running, then the deficit. Make sure you're already all the way off sugar and haven't had much processed food in a while. That shit just makes you eat more. 2 leg days per week so you're burning an unreal amount of calories throughout the week and you should be good. Make your meals effortless, or at least routine enough that you don't need to obsess over them every day. Never be hungry, don't listen to anyone else about what you're supposed to do. If it's working, stick to it. If it's not, give it a month and change your method. You need a calorie deficit, how you achieve that is what works and what is easiest for you. Some people count calories, hell, you can just fast for one day a week and have the rest of your days at maintenance and you're sitting close to 1 lb/week of weight loss. It's much much easier if you have the habit of lifting and running before you cut calories in my opinion. Because once you start to realize how much better you feel eating better and being lighter, it's makes it that much easier to stick to.
I ate less and started Peloton. 2 years later and I’ve settled on having lost 50 lbs, and I still do Peloton 3 days a week. I also walk my dog 3 miles a day, but I did that before I lost any weight for 4 years straight without maybe a handful of days missing that 3 miles. I still eat Big Macs, dirty pizza, poutine, drink alcohol, soda, and whatever else people would consider terrible, but I just eat less of them and it’s worked wonders. BMI is finally below 23, and I still eat what I want.
I severely restricted my caloric intake.
I stopped eating for days at a time. I would drink vinegar to make my appetite less for the first few days, but after day three you stop feeling it. You feel like you don't need food at all and you're kind of floating a lot. I don't recommend it
First, I quit drinking alcohol. That made it surprisingly easier to regulate portion control. 14 months later, I am down 80. No extra exercise.
Cut out empty calories between meals. People might be staggered to learn that it is perfectly possible to not snack continuously.
Don’t eat anything with extra sugar. If you just limit yourself to the recommended daily limit for 35g per day. Add in 5k-10k steps a day and the pounds will start coming off.
Stopped snacking after dinner
counter calories, drank water only, walked a lot, ate less, weighed more, no cake.
Stop eating refined sugar. I avoid food with sugar like the plague. Started going to the gym.
Avoided sugar, ate slow carbs, had a 500 calorie/ day deficit, lifted weights and HIIT.
I lost 45 on keto
Quit snacking, especially later in the evening.
Redbull -> Rebull Sugarfree Coke -> Coke Zero Added 1l Water daily.
Biggest thing was I maintained a calorie deficit (typically ate 1200-1400 calories a day) I started taking water soluble fiber supplements with at least 8oz of liquid so I'd feel full longer. I didn't crave sweets much but I always wanted something savory so I sucked on bullion cubes like they were mints/candy I never "worked out" but I did walk a lot (typically 2-5 miles a day) since I don't drive.
Get up on your feet. A healthy lifestyle cannot be a sedentary lifestyle. Anything active; even just going on walks helps. Practice portion control. Snacking is OK, but instead of taking the entire bag of chips or whatever and sitting with it, make yourself a little plate or bowl with the recommended serving size then go sit with your snack. Stop drinking soda and other sugary drinks. Water is your friend! I am not a fan at all of removing things from a diet, but sugary drinks are an easy way to halt weghtloss progress. Maybe try cutting back to one special drink each week so you can still enjoy it but not go over the top. I used to have a habit of maybe 3 cans of soda a day. I cut it out completely for several years and now I have an occasional root beer maybe once a month, but my new problem is matcha lattes and milk tea. All are sources of sugar which won't help you reach your goal without cutting back.
Intermittent fasting. Upped protein. Better snacks (apple, handful of nuts) work out and added weights.
Increased water intake, more daily motion, making my meals so I appreciated them more, doing activities that I like, understanding my cravings for things
Cut out sugar. Max 20grams of carbs a day. Can lose 20lbs in a month doing that. Energy goes way up, too. Lots of eggs, meat, cheese, and low carb veggies. No rice, bread, pasta, cakes, cookies. After you lose the weight, then you can increase to 50-100grams of carbs per day.
Get my mental health/ADHD under control. You can’t sustainably make lifestyle changes if you are barely making it day to day.
Calories in, calories out. Been religious about tracking. Ingredient swaps have helped too, as has meal prepping. I'll us 96% lean beef instead of 80, I'll make a queso with cottage cheese as the base for extra protein, reduced fat cheeses, zero sugar soda, etc. Down over 40 pounds since September, and I feel like I have a much better relationship with food. Once I get down to 190 sometime in the next couple of weeks, going to stop the deficit for awhile and stay at maintenance. Will still track calories and keep exercising, it's become a habit at this point.
I'm bad at portion control so i ordered my food from an online meal delivery service and just ate mostly that for a while I also experimented with a bit of fasting I have problems with my knees, ankles, and bicep so my options were kinda limited for exercise I just found exercises I could do that wouldn't put me in any unnecessary pain which are walking and bicycling with a bit of yoga I've lost a little over 50 pounds I got one of those health trackers and set a step goal for myself and increased it as needed and just kept eating mostly those meals or really basic food like seasoned chicken and oven roasted vegetables because it's really easy to make and store For me the fitness tracker really helped me feel like I was making concrete progress instead of just stumbling around in the dark I knew when I'd hit my goal instead just stoping randomly because I felt like that was a good enough amount of effort and time to work out
I ate less. I did NOT exercise more. I lost 40lbs
1. Cut out alcohol 2. Stopped eating in restaurants 3. Don’t eat after dinner— ever. 4. Cardio for 55 minutes every day, no exceptions.
I lost 130. Calorie deficit is the biggest thing. If you’re in a deficit, you will lose.
there's two things one should actually do that will make you lose weight drastically without doing any crazy diets. The first thing one should do is to cook your own food. When you cook you control what goes into your food, baking or air frying chicken at home is a lot healthier than getting deep fried chicken at a fast food place. Similarly making your own juice and drinking water is going to be a lot better than having a can coke because you can control your sugar intake. The second thing one should do is to substitute bad habits for good ones. Instead of having candy have a fruit bowl, instead of having chips make your own popcorn, instead of cookies have a protein bar, instead of an ice cap have a protein shake. When you get into the groove and have changed your eating for healthier options some people take this up a notch further by substituting what they are currently eating for low calorie options. even though what one consumes maybe healthy their still maybe a version with less calories so that when you get into things like cauliflower rice and zucchini noodles. Youll find that by changing what you're eating and how you're eating it you'll actually be able to eat more and that there's no reason one needs to starve themselves or restrict themselves to a specific diet.
Stopped bingeing before bed.
Tuna and rice! Only one meal a day but I have lost forty pounds so far.
Ran out of money. Starved for a week.
Stop drinking soda. Literally dropped twenty pounds just from that, it’s insane how many calories and sugar is in a regular soda.
1) Eat to the point when you are no longer hungry and not when you are stuffed. 2) Cut back on the alcohol consumption (if applicable) 3) Make water your primary beverage intake. 4) Walk daily or every other day.
as someone who’s lost 51lbs (and counting), i upped my protein intake, watched my sugar intake, and cut out soda entirely. also, portion control doesn’t mean a small meal! it means balance; you can have an absolutely massive salad and still not even meet 1k calories. also, you don’t have to do crazy shit exercise-wise, just walk! it’s easy, not too hard on the body, and can be quite peaceful
The easiest thing I did was commit to not drinking anything that had calories in it. You can drink as much water, unsweetened, or zero calorie beverages as you like but nothing with sugar including milk and creamer.
I downloaded the app MacroFactor and started tracking calories. Only took a couple months to lose 20lbs
Walk more. Stopped drinking alcohol.
Stress
Ate smaller portions. Ate mostly at meals and cut out snacking. Used some protein shakes as meal replacements. Cut out sugar and junk food, and drank mostly water. Tried to stay on my feet and get lots of steps in. Lost 28lbs in about 9 weeks. (43m)
Cut back from eating 14-16 slices of bread a day to 4 Found a salad I liked and made that my lunch Replaced all my snacks and sweets with apples and almonds
Intermittent fasting. Frees up time from eating and lost 20lbs.
Keto. I lost 80 pounds (36Kg) in 7 months.
Bought a dog, ate as much as he does (one portion per day and some snacks) and moved my body. That's the whole secret to losing weight.
Portion control. Exercise.
I biked everywhere. I allowed myself to drive to work because biking was impossible. But i rode literally everywhere else. Lost a shit ton of weight and didn’t even diet.
Honestly the key to this, like literally just WALK and EAT LESS, that's all about it
I did the carnivore diet and lost 80 lbs in 8 months. Keto worked really well for me too but I have zero inflammation and no more acne with carnivore.
Portion control and time of day. I was eating at all the wrong times. Lost over 100 lbs so far changing nothing but that.
Create a calorie deficit. My wife and I lost a small person's weight. About 120 pounds. We're at our BMI now.
Calorie deficit, walking, lifting light weights to prevent muscle loss, protein intake @ .6 grams per lb of goal weight.
Ate fewer calories
Replace any drink you would normally have for water
Mostly I removed sugar from my diet, started walking more, and ate smaller portions. Dropped 45lb in six months.
For me, standing. I already ate healthy, but I’m a sales rep and drive a car 6 hours a day plus calls. When I was stuck inside for the pandemic quarantine, I stood up and worked (think a standing desk, but I used a counter or dresser). Moving/standing while working burned the calories for me. I already did 30 minutes cardio per day.
Started weightlifting Eating more fruits, vegetables, meat, and dairy Aside dark chocolate, no sugars I used to not eat any carbs, now I am experimenting with what I can metabolize with very few carbs
Intermediate fasting is a game changer… by restricting my eating timeframe, I was always under TDEE.
16:8 fasting, limit carbs to 75g a day, weight training 2-3 times a week, walk for 30 minutes a day.
I've gone from 230 lbs to 207 lbs since new years. I maintain a deficit of \800 calories a day. I quit alcohol and sweets. I limit my caloric intake to 2200 per day and make sure that I burn at least 3000 calories daily. I use  to track my exercise and everything I eat. I go to the gym and lift weights at least 3 times a week. Now that it's spring I ride my bicycle as often as I can when the weather is good. I use samsung health or  app on my phone to track my rides.
Got Covid
Got gallstones. 75 dropped and counting.
Not eating on Monday for 30 weeks.
Exercised 6/7 days a week. And got off hormonal birth control.
Keto.
Got really sick and dropped 20lbs in two weeks
Cut out soda and alcohol(at least excessively) and started being more active.
Portion control and counted the calories IN EVERYTHING. That and don't drink your calories i.e. soft drinks, alcohol, milk shakes have so many calories and don't leave you feeling full
Made breakfast very small. Still ate, just very little.
Consistency in the gym & not eating shit food.
Train for a half marathon. Run a lot. That is it. Not the easiest thing to do.
I didn't exercise at all, all I did was eat till I was no longer hungry instead of eating till I felt full. Did that deliberately for like 3 or 4 months and lost 30 lbs. For maintenance, switched to buying low calorie versions of things I ate a lot of/consumed frequently (e.g. light/reduced calorie salad dressing and sugar free energy drinks)
Find lower calorie substitutions for things that you feel you need to eat to be happy and decide on what sort of things you can give up. For example, I love mayonnaise on sandwiches but it's often a lot of calories and I don't need it in my life so when I make sandwiches I'll do like mustard and hot sauce (both close to 0 calories) and I'm just as happy. I also will not drink full calorie drinks because I don't think it's a good way to spend my calories when I can have flavored water or zero sugar pop. And then for substitutions, I get lower calorie/higher protein buns/bread and get low fat/calorie string cheese instead of regular cheese. More little swaps I've done are instead of Doritos I'll get quest chips because even though they are similar calories at least I know I'm getting extra protein from the quest chips and hardly anything from Doritos. Same for snacks, I really like the Kodak cinnamon graham crackers and these protein cookies that are kind of like Oreos! I get cinnamon protein special k cereal that I eat with coffee every morning and I'll just much on if I need something sweet. If you can kind of find a few things that you like and can have in your pantry for when you do feel snacky it makes healthy decisions easier.
I started cooking for myself. No remade meals any more. Doesn't have to be anything fancy. Cook a chicken breast, bag of frozen veggies, and some rice is my goto meal. I can change the flavors around by what sauce I add. But that will last me easily two meals I also stopped drinking sodas for the most part. I use a Soda Stream, making carbonated water, and will just add Mio flavoring to it. I've lost probably 30 pounds in like 6 months, not even trying. I started cooking for myself not to loose weight, but because it's so much less expensive.
Not giving in to my cravings easily. Was a big girl back then, working out will only gain you muscles but the diet part will be the one to slim you down.
Went to gym everyday
Reduced alcohol consumption, smaller portions, and viewed it as a longterm change that was going to take a year. So I wasn't discouraged when the weight came off slowly.
It’s when you eat. For instance I don’t eat but wake up at 4:30am I pack my lunch and drink coffee until 6:00 and drive to work for 7:00am. I have finished my coffee by then , (1 cup at home, 1 to go). I switch to a water bottle about 1.1L and drink that until 9:00am. I then have 2 small oranges, 1 cut up apple, 1 granola bar type food, and finish the 1.1L water. I then work until 11:30am where I have leftovers from the night before, a small portion control of spaghetti and sauce, or whatever we ate the night before. I also switch to a 1.78L at 11:30 and drink that until 3:30, but usually finish by 2:00. I’ll snack whatever is left, 2 kiwi, a banana, a secondary granola type snack. This is supposed to hold me over until dinner, around 5:30-630 ish, but sometimes I eat toast or cereal at 4:30pm, if we are having a later dinner. Finish off with more water, and your good
Fasted 16:8 , stopped eating fast food, CICO, 10k steps minimum a day, drank a ton of water. Movement is movement. If you don’t like the gym find an activity that challenges you that is fun. I started roller blading & Weight came off so fast.
Low carb low sugar low fat
Cut out sodas entirely for about 6 months.
Cut out soda. No juice that isn't 100% just juice.
Stopped eating chemicals . Ate REAL FOOD. Started going out in nature as much as possible. Riding my bike as means of transportation or walking places.
Cut off sugars as much as you can and try to walk for 20-30min a day. Also try to avoid greasy foods
measure your BMR and limit your daily calory intake less than your BMR and gradually reduce calory intake as you lose weight
I used to lift weights 6x a week, found the sport of rock climbing and lost 20lbs of muscle, does that count?
Less fast food and beer made a lot of difference honestly. Eating several small meals a day as opposed to large meals with snacking in between
Count calories and be disciplined. The formula is ALWAYS caloric deficit. The problem is sticking to it. Caloric deficit and working out is an extremely effective combination. Mindless cardio and no liquid calories helped me lose 40 pounds.
Intermittent Fasting/Low Carbs/Sweat
Cut out sugar and any starchy foods.
Intermittent fasting- I eat only between 12pm and 7pm
Tracking everything and eating at a big deficit. Weighing everything and tracking oils. Then, when I was light enough to not hurt myself - running a LOT. But I love running, so it wasn’t that painful for me.
Less dessert. Less booze. More sunshine. (It was mostly the dessert and the booze though)
Switched to black coffee. Ate as many cucumbers as I wanted. Cheerios with almond milk for breakfast or A&W breakfast wraps with no cheese. Low fat Baybel cheese for a snack. Rice cakes. Guacamole dip with those little flat bread things. Water. Multivitamins those fake crab legs made of cod. Tuna in water. I would fry shrimp in a pan with very little oil. Basically dropped to 200 calories a day. And that's it. Didn't exercise or anything. Dropped 30 pounds in a couple months. Don't skip the vitamins.
built muscle through lifting weights at the gym to increase my metabolism and cleaned up my diet, meaning i eat mainly whole foods with treat foods sprinkled in here and there. my diet mainly consists of beef, chicken, eggs, tuna, cottage cheese, fruit, rice, potatoes, etc. and i go to the gym about 5 days a week and look forward to it.
I actually let myself feel hungry before I eat versus eating simply because it's "time to eat."
I just kinda eat less and drink less sugary drink. People always assume I did sport, but I didn't.
Fasting. Nothing else worked. But I also already exercised and tried to eat fairly healthy. No sweets no drinks with sugar. But nothing had the same results as fasting.
Intermittent fasting basically skipped breakfast is all, black coffee only. And reduced my alcohol intake to at most 1 drink a week usually Friday night or Sunday if it was football season. That for a few months dropped 30 lbs.
Cardio and notable calorie deficit back in 2008. Still ate the same stuff (mostly rice, vegetable curry and lamb/chicken), just less of it. Went from 175 to around 140. Dislocated my shoulder in May 2023 and couldn't lift weights for 3 months. Didn't wanna get fat/shapeless during that period, so reduced my calories significantly again. Went from 160 to 140 within 2 months. Mind you, I'm 5'8 and should weigh around 155-160, so I really didn't need do anything drastic while recovering. I just hated the idea of continuing to eat while not being able to lift. Went way overboard. Thankfully, I'm almost back up to 160 now. Honestly, for those looking to drop 20-30 lbs, it's not even so much about what you eat. Just eat less. If someone told me to lose 20 pounds in the next 2 months, I would find it very easy. Just eat less.
Stopped eating for two days.
Ate less, exercised more.
I didn’t have a ton of weight to lose to begin with (went from about 148 to 133) but the number one thing I did besides exercise more/portion control is eat your vegetables/fruit FIRST - they’ll fill you up, but you can still eat your carbs/potatoes, you just won’t need to eat as many
This isn’t diet/fitness related, but when I lost the weight, I wasn’t purposely trying to, I was just happier with my life. I noticed gradual changes in my body as I recovered from a bad mental health period. I wasn’t eating to cope with my emotions anymore and I was getting more active in ways that I hadn’t previously been. Of course I still struggle with things but I’ve paid more attention in how I care for my body and mind now. Your mental health really does impact your physical health- something that I didn’t know for a long time.
Eat less. Do more. Ive done intermittent fasting as well but you know what that is? Eating less. Just eat less and move around more. I've walked at least 5k steps for over a year (average over 6k). WFH. I literally could walk less than 1k. Make yourself move.
I used a calorie counting app and by skipping breakfast it was pretty easy to stay within my count for the day. On days I didn’t I still could but it took more thought.
I didn't limit myself as far as what I ate, just how much. If I want cake I only have a bite or two opposed to a whole slice. If I want a candy bar I break off a piece or only have a fun sized.
I went from 3 meals a day with snacks all over the place t two meals a day, very little sugar, and only a small snack between the meals. I drink a lot of lemon water and hot tea now.
I went on a severe calorie restricted diet: I ate no more than 800-900 calories per day. I weighed and recorded every.single.bite. I lost 30 lbs in about 10 weeks. I weighed myself every single day. I learned the caloric value of many foods and realized how much I had been overeating. My hair started to fall out, so I pumped up my daily intake to about 1200 per day. The hair loss stopped, I gained back about five pounds, and I've stabilized. It was very difficult at first, then it became weirdly easy. I was literally NEVER hungry, once I got used to it. It probably wasn't the healthiest thing I've ever done, but damn, I'm happy to be back at a normal weight. I'd do it again in a heartbeat, but I hope I never have to.
Calorie app. But I stopped drinking at home and that made it pretty easy.
Got mugged
I was 225 pounds until I started working at a mill. I would walk 3km to work, bust my ass for 8 hours, going through 4 liters of water then walk 3km home. Dropped down to 170 pretty quick. That was 4 years ago now. Now I'm working from home and drive everywhere, so I'm sitting between 200-210.
Raw vegan. Lots of fresh fruits and veggies. And gluten free. I won’t give up my honey though.
Stopped eating sugar lol. Lost 20 pounds easy
This is almost a cop out answer, but also completely honest: my wife got pregnant. Our biggest hobbies and indulgences used to be going to restaurants and cooking elaborate meals frequently. Lots of good, rich food with libations. Pregnancy caused heartburn, nausea, tiny portions, abstinence from alcohol...when the MO for "dinnertime" changed, my waistline changed by about 30 lb. worth. Then having the kid kept us from as elaborate cooking or frequent dinner dates, then same with pregnancy #2...so far the weight has stayed off.
I stopped overeating. Ate partial portions, served myself less than usual. Cut out most sweets and alcohol. Moved a bit more, but mostly just changed how I was eating. I’m at a place where I need to be more precise with calories now if I want to lose more, but I lost 20lbs without much attention to detail.
I weighed my food and counted every single calorie. I focused on a proper balance of protein, carbs, and fat. Meal prepping on Sunday made the week easy.
I just walked a lot and ate less for 5 months. Lost 35 pounds in that time.
Eat a ton of red meats and chicken and turkey cut out the pork. And lift heavy things.
I moved down to Arizona during the summer and sweat my ass off. Didn't eat much and drank a fuck ton of water. Lost 60lbs in 4 months.
Don't have too many snacks in the house. I used to have low impulse control and I found myself snacking when I was bored or just out of habit. It doesn't sound like much when you're eating them but it can really add up after awhile.
Calories down, protein up. It's simple, but not necessarily easy to break bad habits.
Volunteering at animal shelter and walking dogs.
Drink lots of water, don’t eat empty calories.
Quit soda
Kept track of calories and weight my food
I lifted weights 2 x week and rock climbed/bouldered 2 x week.
Used Carb Manager app and religiously entered everything I ate and stayed low carb. It’s very scientific; a 500 calorie deficit each day equals one pound weight loss a week. I ate only whole real food, no processed stuff. Ate by 6:00 pm then switched to tea in the evening
Went on a vegan diet 1-2 months.
I followed a Keto Plan, worked very well, never felt hungry. I bought plan, only cost me $40, chose the foods I didn't like, selected the rest that I did, enjoyed eating all of the food. If I gain weight again, I can just follow the same guide!!
Counted calories, weighed my food. For me, having weight to lose stemmed from not really knowing or being used to what the right portions were and kinda just eating without thinking. I won't do this forever, but I do want to re-train my brain. So far so good. I'm not hungry between meals, and if I am, I can have something. I'm just accountable for what that something is.
I learned to realize that just being hungry wasn't going to kill me. It's like learning to be okay with the cold. It makes fasting easier. As long as you stay hydrated that's the most important thing.
Making pre portioned meals with a caloric goal in mind really helped me. My biggest issue is self control with food, so having everything planned out ahead of time made it easy. Also trying to exercise 5-6 days a week has really helped me feel better both mentally and physically. Start small, have a plan, and be open to adapting. At the end of the day it’s as easy as calories in vs. calories out, but the hardest part is starting
Unfortunately I used weight loss meds because nothing I would do would help at all. Doesn't mean you should but always consult a doctor before. Anyway, I found that using an app to track your food and calories helps. Also using a watch or tracker like a fitbit. It's nice to look at your stats even after a day of just working. It's interesting to see how many steps you've taken in a day. It also puts into perspective how you've been sleeping, so you can fix it if needed. Of course sleep is a very vital part of fitness and health. The best thing overall to do for your physical health is to take care of your mental health. Love yourself and be kind to yourself and know you can do this!!
I went off my depression and anxiety medication. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Black coffee for breakfast, eat lunch, eat dinner, nothing else. No food after 7pm. Change your brain, every temptation is an opportunity to exercise discipline.
1200 calorie diet. But it all depends on your original weight and lifestyle. If you drink 5 cokes every day and weigh 300 pounds, then quitting Coke will do it.
No sugar or milk. No predinner snacking. Portion control but not in a crazy way... If I'm inattentive, I can really wolf food down. Cutting back on butter. Lost 20 pounds.
Weight loss can be compared to most people’s financial situation. Calories in versus calories out. Spend more than you take in….watch the fat melt away. Cut sugar out completely. Sugar is the devil.
Started fasting and exercising. Also I try to not eat processed food.
Keto which lead to eating less overall.
Can’t stress this enough, cut out sugar and drinking your calories
I stopped eating anything with “added sugar” on the label.
Ozempic.
I ate smaller portions. I'd stop eating until I was full like I used to. I also cut down on beer, instead of 17 beers a week I went down to 10 a week.
Portion control, watching my sugar intake, mostly in drinks, and sodium. Took about 8-9 months of just watching those things. Completely cut soda out of my life.
I dropped all sodas and sugary drinks. Started cooking more meals at home than I ate out.
No fast food No sugared drinks No Reddit Get outdoors
Stop drinking regular pop, limited alcohol and started deadlifting on a trap bar. I had a 5 pack (almost 6) and never did a sit up
- sleep at the appropriate time (no all nighters) - intermittent fast - lots of water and hydration - 10k+ steps - more veggies - never order to the house (delete doordash/ubereats/whatever app) - everything else in moderation, and try to eat clean as much as possible, like instead of buying ready made marinara sauce, make it from scratch.. - check on ur hormones and health, any indications of hypothyroidism, PCOS, etc… figuring that out really will help and u might need medication to help with regulating ur hormones and metabolism
Stopped drinking soda (switched to flavored seltzer, which had either minimal or no calories), cut back on sweets, and did a lot of walking.
Started going to the gym, cut out sugary drinks.
Portion control. I dropped 60 pounds in 3 months by eating 1400 calories a day. Got to 250, severely broke my leg, gained 50 back and lost 50 in 4months back to work. Obviously I went a little hard. But I'm the process you reeeeeeeally get to learn exactly how much your body needs to survive. I'm also 6'5 with twig and berries, gender rules do apply.
2 things I GUARANTEE, will lose you that weight. 1) no soda 2) intermittent fasting. That is all. You will certainly lose weight.
Get a calorie app, put everything you eat or drink in it honestly and accurately, including the oils and butters you cook in, stay at a calorie deficit… weight comes off. Measure and weigh everything. Don't eyeball it. A kitchen scale is dirt cheap these days. Don’t even have to exercise to lose weight though of course extra calorie burning is only going to help and it’s good for you.
Yuup I've lost over 35 pounds over the last year and all I did was eat a the same stuff just cut back about 25%. Big mac meal eat 3/4 the burger , half the drys, half the soda. Pretty much cut out extra sugar. Only drink soda a couple times of week , no cookies , candy bars etc. If I did splurge just a couple cookies not 5 or 6 etc.
This, I also change my plates and bowls to smaller sizes so that I wasn’t over plating my food. Made such a difference.
Yes the stomach within a couple weeks will shrink if you cut back on portions.
If you drink soda and you don't want to fully cut to water then you can switch to the zero sugar variant. That's a big cut right away. If you drink coffee with cream and sugar then reduce both those. A big part of calories come from what we drink. That's the easiest place to start
Especially if you exercise. The reason they say weight loss happens in the kitchen is because if you aren't tracking calories, exercise will just make you hungrier and eat more to compensate. If you exercise and keep eating the same number of calories, you will lose weight. But if you don't keep track of your calories I guarantee you will eat more by exercising.
fuck that lol. Im hungry
Yep that and i added 4km walking per day
Also, COUNT YOUR CALORIES!!  My favorite website that accurately tells your calorie consumption and how many pounds you can lose in a week staying on your rhythm!
That is exactly correct. You have to work off more calories than you're putting into your body. Boom!
Absolutely. People want the secret when there isn’t one
I listen to my body. When I feel full, I stop eating. It seems like a no-brainer but a lot of people don't do this including me before I decided to change.
Eat until you're not hungry, not until you're full.
I visited NYC for a week and literally lost 8 lbs. I wasn't overweight to begin with, but walking all over town while pretty much keeping food intake/calories the same - I dropped weight. One day I walked 17 miles. From lower eastside, across the Brooklyn Bridge. All over Brooklyn. I took the subway back, otherwise I probably would've made it 25 that day! One of my most favorite travel memories.
Congratulations on all your hard work! It takes dedication to stick with it and I’m so glad it’s paid off!
Keto. Having a hard rule that I follow every day and every meal worked for me. Before I tried keto I thought it would be unsustainable. Now I think it's the only sustainable healthy eating plan for me.
Ditto.
Yup. Less snacking and a 30+ minute workout every day dropped 20 pounds in under a year for me.
The meal replacement worked for me. Every lunch I have a salad now. A small breakfast some kind of fruit, usually a banana. Drink a lot of water through out the day. And then dinner was a normal meal. I stopped eating carbs/ breads.
It also helps to overcalculate calories. A sandwich might be two piece of bread, a piece of cheese, a piece of meat, and a condiment like mayonnaise. The real numbers could be 90cal per bread, 80cal for cheese, 100cal for meat, and 90 for the spread of mayo. In my head, that's 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100, 500 calorie sandwich, even though it's actually \450, but if I think every meal is 50 calories more than it is, I'm gonna end up eating less in the day.
WW was exactly what I needed in the beginning. After about 3 months, I was ready to move on from it. But I'll always credit it for helping shape my thinking and getting my weight loss going.
Yes. If the problem is eating too much due to a feeling of hunger, keto will likely work.
That's a huge loss. How many calories are you consuming per day?
11+ years of powerlifting experience here, that’s not at all possible
Well done for losing weight but like why wouldnt you exercise aswell ?
Yeah. I pretty much cut out all sugar packed sodas & energy drinks entirely. It really helps. The most I have now is a diet soda like once a month & an occasional V8.
I don't think it is that simple because many who try this feel extra hungry as a result, which inevitably backfires.
I took Ozempic and wanted to try Monjaro. I'm taking SSRIs that make you gain weight and I still easily lost weight on Ozempic. I love it. I save money on food and the food I do eat is of higher quality because I eat much less.
Also drink water! Especially just before you eat.
With my dinners, I pile on the veggies. Luckily I loooove a lot of different vegetables. Oh yea!!! Cut out as much sodium as possible. Read the labels, you just wouldn't freaking believe how much sodium is in everything.
And no snacking when I'm bored
I've been doing about 1200-1300 a day and this month I added walking 3.5 miles a day. I've lost 8 lbs so far. I'm very impressed. The other thing I did was completely eliminate soft drinks
Literally this Especially the oils and butters People forget the crazy amount of calories in fat It helps to cook yourself with the app open on the counter. Just add it in the app as you add it in the pan. If I cook for more people I count all the calories, weigh the end product, calculate the calories per weight and weig how much is on my plate. Seems excessive? Maybe. Does it work? Yes. Do I eyeball and just let go when eating at friends or out? Definitely - within reason. Be honest about it.
I did the same thing. My husband and son always poke fun at my “kiddy” plates lol.
cut back on portions and your body will shrink too -
When i first started tracking my calories this was a big one i noticed. I couldn't believe it. I could have had actual food instead of the drink and just drink water. I still drink soda but i buy the small cans and severely limit getting drinks in drive thrus.
I cut out all sweet drinks when I started 2 years ago after my type 2 diabetes diagnosis cutting back my portion size is adding 4 km of walking per day tracking my food in an app and cutting out all sweet drinks I lowered myself from 200 lb to 160 and more importantly I lowered my A1C from 9.4 to 5.0 with zero medication I'm not saying medication is a bad thing if it's necessary for you but if it's not necessary for you then that's good too and it hasn't been necessary for me
I think for a lot of people it's genuinely not that simple. My old full was much fuller than my current full. I was just raised to eat way beyond what I needed and "full" pretty much meant "I'll feel sick if I eat more".
If that worked I never would have gotten overweight in the first place.
Did you have a hard time with the carbs? I’m pretty much addicted to bread and pasta.
I’m guessing this is a troll post because you have to do some kind of exercises in order to offset the number of calories consumed
I've never taken any meds, my doctor told me I got diabetes and get me on mounjaro and metformin, lost 11lbs in february and 10lbs so far this month
Once you have all the recipes in there that you make often, it becomes much more manageable!
This is the unhappy, 100% true answer. You must be this devoted and treat it like your religion for the rest of your life. Your body will lie in wait, forever, for you to stop. And once you do, or you slip one too many times, you’ll slide back faster than you ever thought possible. You can easily undo years of work in a few months. Not fair. But it is what it is!
You don't, at 260 he's burning around 3500 cal/day just existing. That's not including walking to work or anything. Although 45 lbs in 2 months is a lot. I've done similar, but it is not healthy. He must have been eating like 500-1000 cal/day for that. If he sustained his new weight, it was successful though and it probably was the healthy thing to do.
Averaging almost 1lb lose per day without exercising would require a 3000 calorie deficit per day (a full pound would be 3600 calories). Average height 260lb man would burn about 2800 or so calorie per day with a light activity level. So this guy has somehow consumed negative calories per day for the past 2 months to achieve this type of lose without increasing his metabolic output.
Moment on the lips, forever on the hips.
Not necessarily you don’t need to exercise but it is recommended
I never heard of this
Which is better Italian food or French food?
Spaghetti and pizza is the best food invented
Pasta for life.
I'm not sure since I had a lot of Italian food and not much French food yet
Italian 1000% pasta is where it’s at.
Yes, Italian food is amazing!❤️
See Italian food is amazing. But apparently France has the most Michelin Star Restaurants.. never had French food before but I think it’s good? I do like my pain au chocolat
Especially when it got Americanized. Awesome
what is a problematic discourse??
When two people aren’t open to understanding each other and are instead only interested in proving themselves to be right
"problematic discourse" is a correct and usable phrase in written English. It can be used to describe a dialogue or conversation that is difficult or contentious in nature.
an example can be? 🤔
Discourse that uses false assumptions or ad-hominem attacks do not foster understanding and could be considered problematic, although I'm a little tired of hearing the word "problematic" as a substitute for viewpoints we simply don't like or agree with.
What’s your Are Your Kidding moment?
My "Are you kidding?" moment? Probably when I tried to microwave leftover pizza with the foil still on it. Let's just say sparks flew – literally!
What do you know about someone if expose can ruin them?
Omg It’s What do you know about someone, that if exposed, could ruin them?
I will go first my SO has three kids (all adults) with his ex. Now his ex repeatedly cheated with his best friend. About 10 years ago the ex called in a panic. Admitted that the youngest two might not be his. The only reason she admitted this is because AP requested to see "his" kids for Christmas. She blocked AP on all social media. Eventually second child found out because SO wasn't on her birth certificate. The Ex spun lies that blood tests were done at hospital, daughter and SO has the same blood type so he has to be her dad. And no it wasn't a DNA test. If it came out that the third kid might not be hers, yeah she would lose creditability.
My ex neighbor prostituted her kids for alcohol and cocaine. And she got multiple partners while using heavy drugs.
I know two managers at a job that have gotten away with being drunk at work and acting fools…the executives know but sweep it under the rug. The owner on the other hand DOESN’T know and if he found out we’re looking at oh I dont know.. 5-7 people getting fired on the spot?
Why does the internet refuse to use commas
What is AP? and I think you mean \credibility. Really confusing read.
Doesn't sound like a big secret. And you did nothing?
That’s fucking horrible man.
Affair partner
I was a kid when I heard this. My neighbor was involved whit criminals and some guys of something equivalent of American mafia. I couldn't do nothing for him. Her daughters where teenagers involved whit prostitution and got plenty of child before 18's. I got an figh whit her son on school, the figth turned Ina n police case and she used her criminal contacts to spread gossip about me and make my life an living hell. I was just a child.
Don't worry, I'm still alive. I have lived in Rio de Janeiro since I was little and studied at a public school. It was very common to study with colleagues involved with drug traffickers and militiamen. I had some enemies at school involved with criminals who tarnished my name in my city because of a school fight. Defaming people on the internet is very common in my country, I developed schizophrenia because of gossip and persecution, but I'm fine. I think my worst memory was of a drug dealer with a radio following me as I walked home from school and making fun of me, I never told my mother about this as she was made the laughingstock of my whole neighborhood.
What is the worst thing your teacher has done?
I had a teacher that got caught fucking around with students. (10th grade)
Over-inflate their value upon society...she was an idiot, not Mother Theresa
Throw a scissor across the classroom
Redditors. Who caused who the most trauma? Who caused you the least trauma?
Silver. I don't know.
Ex girlfriend caused the most. Best friend caused the least
I’d need to impose a trigger warning to answer that question
who caused you the most trauma
My father and older sister cause a lot to trauma.
My mother caused the most
What is meant by “ least trauma “? That’s an oxymoron.
When you think about the sum of your life experiences, the ups and downs, the relationships, the people you love and the things you've accomplished, what value does it hold for you? If someone wanted to go back in time and erase your existence, would you try to stop them?
I would try to erese it myself if I could.
Had a job many years ago at a holiday park, Best time of my life. If I could go back I would have stayed there for a few more years instead of coming back home when I did.
I'm sorry to hear you have so little going for you.
How do you glow up as a 13 yo boy?
/r/streetwear Also drinking plenty of water, eating healthy and working out.
By listening to your mum and dad!
Getting an alter boy job at the Vatican?
You’re going to be going through a natural glow up for like the next 5 years. Focus on being healthy with your diet and hygiene. Eat some fruit and vegetables. Wash your face and moisturize. Be kind to others. You’ll come out on top.
By staying away from brain garbage (like porn and messages trying to sell you stuff), basing your self-worth on things that have nothing to do with social media, and by learning about integrity and personal responsibility and emulating those virtues.
How can i stop watching porn?
Don't make it easy for yourself to access it. Put blockers on your phone or computer or have a parent do it for you. Find someone else who wants to kick the habit and be accountable to each other. And find a distraction when you're tempted to go look at that junk. Something more productive like spending time with friends, playing sports, or learning something interesting and/or useful. Learn discipline over your thoughts because thinking about porn is almost as bad as watching it. Learn to change the channel in your mind. &#x200B; Porn addiction gets much stronger over time so the sooner you can kick it, the better off you'll be. I got hooked on it around your age and I didn't try to kick it until later in life and by then it was next to impossible.
What are some the inside secrets known only betting industry insiders?
what are “ healty” foods that you should stay away from?
A lot of salad dressings are pretty bad
Kale. That shits gross.
Brussel sprouts.
I think I’m addicted to ranch
For those who are not balanced, save money or enjoy the present, and why?
I would choose save. I got no control over money and this made me get severe debts. So I learned my lesson.
I live paycheck to paycheck
How do you spend your money?
Rent, Internet and electric bills, spaghetti or rice, Gass ground coffee
What habits did you pickup during Covid lockdown that stuck with you?
Isolation.
Doom scrolling
Also never wanting to extend invites to anyone. I use to over invite. Now… I forget to tell people
Good habits: hobbies Bad: social isolation
I buy bread yeast in bulk. I was already baking my own bread (mostly in a bread machine) but suddenly there was no yeast on the store shelves so Amazon delivered. It's so much cheaper and stores very well in a glass jar in the fridge. I just have a lot more stuff delivered and Alexa tells me when it arrives.
If you could bring one animal back from extinction, what animal would it be?
Pterodactyl. No question.
Tasmanian tiger
Wooly Mammoth
Harambe
T. rex. The devastation would be hilarious.
Politicians with integrity.
Dodo bird, because I need a friend who's equally awkward.
But triceratops
Plus I'm sure they taste great!
This killed me
What about the velociraptor? Fuck it. Might as well bring all the dinosaurs back.
As much as I love the velociraptor imagine riding a triceratops like a big horse
If you could meet one wwe superstar who would it be?
Undertaker
lita
I'd much rather meet a real wrestler than a LARPer, so I'll pass on this one..
John Cena. The man’s as wholesome as it gets
Randy Orton.
Scott Hall. Of people alive: Jeff Hardy
Sweet little Liv Morgan.
The Miz I don’t watch WWE, as I’m more of an AEW/NJPW guy. But I still keep up with him through YouTube clips.
Demolition.
John Cena, but would I even see him there?
Angle, Lesnar, Benjamin. Take your pick
Except for apologizing over and over to China for saying Taiwan is a country. Yikes. I kinda like the guy in general, but that was just disgusting
Manbun or ponytail? Why?
scissors
Neither are very becoming on all the guys I've seen with them.
Ew neither
Both are gay. Buzz it off.
Okay so I was a person who had long here for a long time. In my opinion the ponytail is just too much mass sticking out in one direction. If you do go for the bun it has to stay like low on your head the higher gets the more for problem I have with it. If you have it at the very top of your head yeah that's not good unless you have a really tiny hat you cover it with and Take it off to show people the bun Followed by a bun pun.
Manbun
Oh geez, the lesser of two evils is by far the ponytail. Manbun screams "metrosexual".
No. Get a haircut.
+1
Buzz cuts are gayer than man buns bro
If you were to know that you were going to die tomorrow, how would you choose to spend the time remaining?
I would write letters to everyone I cared about
Find some dude who wanted to have sex with me. Eh, who am I kidding- three dudes. At once.
Climb in bed and patiently wait.
I would go to some place whit nature and spent my last time alone whit God.
Go home from work and spend my time with my brother.
I’d go for one last surf. Ask the people I love to come over for one last hang. Do a quick video for the ones that live out of town to say goodbye and I love you. Cuddle the crap out of my dog.
Quickly find an escort to lose my virginity
I’d finally confess to I girl I like that I love her. I would want to go out knowing that I had a chance with her.
Finally write a proper will and continue on with my day as normal. Full of music and drink. Likely cook the fam a 9.8/10 meal and write letters to everyone I've thought about recently. That's today at least. If this were in a few months I'd probably say go play 18 and do some fishing.
Same but with women
If you could meet one actor who would it be?
Ryan Reynolds 100000%
Jack Black
Heath Ledger because he's dead and I will be like hey so what's the after life like and you know answer one of mankind's biggest questions.
Adam Sandler
Dolph Lundgren
Nicolas Cage, to ask if he really is a vampire.
According to your understanding, How was the world created?
Wasn't there, won't pretend I saw what happened.
Poof. I mean, Bang!
God said…
Big bang I gess?
Something created the universe. It's all far too complex, harmonious and deliberate to come from nothing. I've also wondered who or what created the power that contructed our reality. If you keep envisioning a creator for everything then it never ends so, while I do believe something can come from nothing, I don't believe our universe and what we experience is that. I believe the groundwork/tools to create realities is what comes from a nonexistent source
Something about a big bang and background microwaves or something
Our whole universe was in a hot, dense state Then nearly fourteen billion years ago expansion started, wait The earth began to cool, the autotrophs began to drool Neanderthals developed tools We built a wall (we built the pyramids) Math, science, history, unraveling the mysteries That all started with the big bang (bang)
Information is energy. (See: Landauer's law)  The Universe (the system of everything) is a closed system.  Energy is conserved in a closed system (this includes information)  The informational nature (or code) for life and consciousness exists, therefore has always existed in some form.  In theory quantum wave functions entangled with or sourced from a hypothetical conscious (information) singularity could potentially be known to such an entity without necessarily being collapsed by that awareness.  In the beginning there was the Word (The Information). I'll let you take it from there.
There was onces a turtle who carried 4 elphants on his back. On their back was the world. A pretty disk world with on the edges waterfalls, He travelled through the universum excited about something, but he did not know what it was. At some point he reached his goal. To find baby turtles with baby elephants on his back who carried small disk worlds.
Are sure that Bang theory is correct?
Conventional laws of physics break down when considering an energy singularity sufficient to "Bang" into the Universe.
What is the potential consequences of having a regular visit to an escort (hooker)?
Being a cuck. STDs.
You could potentially have a good time
You might get addicted lol
What would happen if Mexican cartels crossed the border and started killing Americans?
Legalize everything
They already have.
Depends on how many they kill. It can range from new extreme security measures, a blank check to ICE and CBP and strongly worded condemnation all the way to turning Mexico into a huge crater.
Law enforcement north of the border would ask for higher bribes.
Mexico’s fifth largest employer attacking the U.S.? A war. Lol the republican congress people would be so excited
Op wasn't asked what we should do, but what we would do.
Why haven’t we intervened? Or have we?
People of Former Yugoslavia, What is your view on Josip Broz Tito?
If a valedictorian is the term for a student with the highest class rank, what could be a term for a student with the lowest class rank?
Valedictorian is derived from Latin “vale dicere,” meaning “to say farewell.” The lowest ranked person in the class likely won’t be graduating and saying farewell, rather maybe saying hello to a repeat year of school. Hello in Latin is “salve,” so perhaps that person could be the Salvetorian.
doctor/lawyer
convict
Me
The actual term is “the goat”:
Dave
What is so cool whit all these AI stuff?
People can pretend to be competent
people can be shittier
What's the most delightful thing about Gen Z?
Their obsession with Millenials
We want a better experience than the old guys are giving us
What's the juiciest gossip you've ever heard accidentally?
I used to have a nice scanner back when most people had cordless phones. This scanner picked up those cordless phone conversations (and baby monitors, which tended to be in the same frequency bands). I had the scanner running one day and it zeroed in on a conversation between a woman and a man. I knew the woman because she was a neighbor (cordless phone signals are very short range) and a coworker. I didn’t know the man, but it was sure as hell not her husband. The things these two were talking about were definitely X-rated and clearly not something either of their spouses were aware of. It was juicy alright, but I just kept my mouth shut in the neighborhood and at work.
Juicy?
Slang, something that would keep a conversation going for minutes because you are so focused on talking about it kind of gossip.
When did you realised that you and your spouse were more roommates than a couple? Did you stay married for company?
How do you make friends in 2024 if you don't drink/do drugs?
Sell drugs
Find a hobby.
Volunteering is an awesome way to meet wholesome people. I was a volunteer first aider and met some great people. Sports or hobby clubs are another way. For example, I’ve tried rugby, squash, a local political group and public speaking and everyone is there putting themselves out. Finally, being the guy that just says yes to shit / puts himself out there is incredibly powerful. If you start a job, someone invites you for a pint, and you say no. You’re probably not going to get many more invites. You can quickly fall into a status quo of being an outsider. Make an effort to offer to grab coffees for your team, offer to help your neighbour mow their lawn or whatever.
Through work, volunteering, community groups, hobbies, through family or friends…
Through your job
Summon them by using a Ouija Board to speak with the devil
Hobbies and clubs. Run club and chess personally for me. I hear ya though it’s kinda tuff but possible
find a hobby or be friends with co-workers if you dont plan on staying at the company super long
Start passively searching for different clubs or groups in and around where you live. Google your town or city. Find one that appeals to the things you like to do (watching sports, going to new restaurants, music, dungeons and dragons, whatever). Once you find them, they will often have a Facebook group which you should join. You at least know anyone who is on it probably lives somewhere around you. Be really passive in the FB group at the beginning and slowly contribute or comment and you'll now find yourself part of the flow of the group, and from there just let it develop to the point where face to face interaction happens. Think New York City + chess clubs. People who share similar interests are more inclined to make friends more quickly, and starting on FB is a safe, cheap and effective way.
Be glad in that you've dodged a bullet. While you might think you've lost a good chunk of the potential friendship pool by excluding those with drug and alcohol problems in the end you've actually made a much smarter decision. While there may be less candidates to select from, your remaining options are actually of much better quality
Find stuff you like to do & find others who do that stuff too.
Activities. Do things that you enjoy and you'll make friends with people who also enjoy doing those things.
Alcoholics Anonymous
Start drinking and doing drugs
Start drinking/doing drugs
Play online games
The only advice about this I always hear is join a sports league or board game nights at bars. I hate both of those things so I haven't tried lol
Idfk, just be funny or some shit, it’s worked alright for me
If you have kids then it's speaking to the other parents when you pick your child up from nursery/child care. It helps if your child is friends with theirs. But chances are those parents drink because most do, so then it's drink.
Find out if there's any social events happening in your whereabouts either via some community website or facebook. Another good place would be via meetup - but this vastly depends on the city you live in, it might have more interesting "meetups" in bigger places. Volunteering would be good as well. It pretty much comes down to researching and reaching out.
internet
The internet
I am in same boat so talk to me now and again if you want, but in general I think sometimes occasionally you can just come across the right people often enough in a certain location for for it to work, you will then build some familiarity and make friends eventually that way, this is one way anyway.
You can still go to bars and parties. Just don’t partake. In fact, it’s kind of like having a super power.
Pretend to drink/do drugs
lol tell us you think inebriation is the epitome of “cool” without telling us inebriation is the epitome of “cool” Honestly you need to isolate and read 50 books before you talk anyone OP. You are not a person quite yet.
Online games, the Gym, maybe work
I go out to where my hobbies are like chess club, long range shooting etc.
...... get a hobby......
Get a dog and go to dog parks
The same way people did in 2023…
Xbox
I'm not religious, but I'm sure you could make friends at church gatherings.
Start drinking and doing drugs
Id say social media, but since i keep all at social media distance, which in truth is better is you can't trust no one anymore all use you or try to take advantage of you. Best to just stay to yourself.
What kind of friends are you looking for that engaged in such activity? You will just end up broke and be a loser if you end up going down that path. Better to have no friends than to have morons as your friends.
Just don't be a bad person and you'll get friends
What the- thats a no-no... If you make a friend of your colleague, you can end up really badly in your job. Be friendly to co-workers, make friends on Reddit! :D
I'm that desperate for friends at this point
Same
What sport would you choose as your job, and why?
Formula one driver!
Being the Great Gatsby and calling everyone "Old Sport"
Bodybuilding. Big buff naked men are cool
Probably a footballer so that football can finally come home and come on it will be cool playing with Bellingham, Foden, Trent, Kane Although I know even if I am one I’ll probably not be picked for the national team
See my user name. Anywhere in the world of professional hockey, any position.
volleyball if the money would be good because it's so fun
Seconded. Not a bad job by any means!
So you can finish second behind TUDUDU! MAX VERSTAPPEN!!!
I- yes.
Football ain't coming home this year either mate!🗣
Ice or grass?
Agreed its a fun sport
Yep I know as of now it is still a pipe dream good on paper but it’s played on grass
As long as Southgate stays, y'all ain't winning anything
Whats the best life advice you’ve been given?
Don’t eat yellow snow
Make health and wellbeing a priority.
Never try to hustle a hustler, never try to beat a man at his own game, and if something is too good to be true, it probably is
You can tell a lot about a person, by the company they keep. " Lay down with dogs and you will surely get fleas ".
"You can have excuses or you can have progress. Choose which one". "The key to being happy is knowing that you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go".
When a superior asks you to do something differently than you’re doing it now, they’re not asking for your opinion or reasoning on why you did it another way. Just do exactly what they asked without speaking. I was trying to explain why I was doing something differently at a job and my friend told me to shut the F up. It clicked and it was solid advice. I follow it every day now. I don’t question my bosses anymore unless I misunderstand something they’re asking. Anything that goes wrong is their fault.
Expect people to be exactly who they are.
Every day is a gift.
“Enjoy every sandwich” - Warren Zevon .. he said this on his final appearance on the David Letterman show after getting a terminal cancer diagnosis
Yoooo that last one is a bar!
In my experience, micro-managers tend to be quick to claim credit, but almost never accept blame.
This is by far the best one, and often only realized when it's too late
What are the requirements for remuneration based on karma?
What is the "butthole" City from your State?
Fayetteville. I don’t even have to tell you which state.
Cleveland Ohio
Bakersfield, CA
Scranton or Wilkes-Barre, take your pick. Shitholes way past their prime and descending into ghetto at a rapid pace.
Missouri.
Great Falls, Montana
Dirty Danville, VA
Carl's Knot. Don't go there okay? Nothing but meth and malicious intent.
Mianus, Connecticut.
Fucking. St. Paul.
I mean, we literally have Intercourse, Pennsylvania.
Tacoma
Manchester. Often known as Methchester.
We dont have States here so none.
Ashtabula, Ohio
Those poor residents...
Houston, by far
NC?
haha been there, I understand
haha
I find it hard to believe that any city in beautiful Montana is a shithole.
>Mianus Really? I would have gone with Bridgeport. Then again I'm very familiar with things like Bridgeport Council Members and how terrible some of them are and that may be clouding my judgement.
I was going to say Moses Lake , but OK.
Yes
😂 love that video. “Under construction since 1868”
I’m glad you got it. Seriously. They elected Josh Hawley. Nuff said.
Anywhere there are mountains, water, or valleys is awesome. Everything else (ahem, the eastern half of the state) is North Dakota and we don't claim it.
Raised in Pinehurst here. We would go to Fayetteville to go to the Mongolian buffet. My buddy crapped his pants afterwards once in a gas station bathroom. Ditched his undies in the trash
I’ve been through Fayetteville a couple times. I live in the Charlotte area but even if a North Carolinian hasn’t been to Fayetteville, we all know it’s the armpit butt hole of NC, maybe even the east coast.
What is your go to hangover meal?
Ramen + easy meat + vegetables + hot sauce
Eggs and bacon
A sausage egg and cheese McGriddle with a Diet Coke from McDonald’s
mineral water
Pizza.
Menudo
Bro is there even a need to think? Kebab
Bacon & eggs on a toasted & buttered English muffin.
Breakfast every morning.
Water. Lots of water.
pizza / burgers / any fast food + pancakes + tons of icecream + pepsi... this is for like a bad, bad, bad hangover... like vomit and shit and 3 hours of sleep... smaller hangover... fast food and pepsi will do
Cold pizza: breakfast of champions and hangover whisperers alike.
Pozole
If you had to swap lives with someone, who would you choose and why ?
Kim Jun Un I would change a lot of their government policies
Someone with a trust fund and no pressure to take over the family business.
Life is only pain, and all pain is the same, everlasting blackness, that eats away at your soul.
Trump, so I could admit to everything illegal that was done and drop out of the race for President. Seeing the MAGA cult melt down would be glorious.
Jeff bezos maybe? Do I get to keep my age?
Mackenzie Scott
Heroic behaviour, I like that:)Kim jun un would replace you too tho
No, you swap lives completely. Their body and fame will be yours too you would just keep your memories
He'd probably die I live in a red state
Some kid in royalty then. Get to relive another childhood and add a bunch of years to my life with wealth.
Good answer, and you’d be insanely smart for your age
It would suck for that kid when he wound up with my life. I’d bring my family in and leave my old self out. Don’t want to feel bad about it watching that man child cry.
Pahaha yeah anyone Id replace myself with is gonna be fucked comparatively
I guess on the opposite end of the spectrum you just switch with someone who’s really smart and similar in age so they have a chance at recovering. Now thinking about it I’m not sure I’d switch at all. Don’t wanna screw anyone over like that
When someone opens up to you about their insecurities, what are the right things to say?
Just listen. Advice is sometimes taken as criticism especially if it isn’t asked for.
Soft smile, and pet their shoulder gingerly.
"Who asked?"
And I care why?
Don’t say. Ask. Particularly, ask: Are you looking for advice or for me to just listen?
"Thank you for baking on me! I'm always here to hear, don't be afraid of who you are, try something else and get advantage of your insecurities because you can learn powerful skills from them."
When did Reddit start to suck?
I wouldn’t say it sucks, but I have noticed some unusual activity on Reddit lately tbh. For example, some of the comments come off like marketing or some other sort of coordinated effort (maybe by companies?) to push certain brands, ideas and opinions. I don’t know it there is any truth to this or if anyone else has noticed, but it looks that way to me.
For me, since they killed compact view, or at least made it unusable. I subscribe to certain subs for a reason. I don’t need my homepage cluttered by a bunch of crap the AI thinks I might be interested in, especially crap I’ve unsubscribed from in the past (not just ads). The ui on browser is shit and for the 10,000th time, I’m not interested in downloading the app.
I think right about the time "New Reddit" was rolled out.
When they stopped allowing you to sort your home page on the iOS app
Parasocial relationships have been a disaster for the human race, especially on Reddit.
When the moderators started identity purges and no one stopped them. I ended up here after OWS, and its wild how it used to be a lot of like, back and forth with the radicals duking it out in the comments. Now it's say what this sup agrees with or get banned
When it was bought by people wanting to turn it into another money mill.
When they replaced upvotes with thoughts and prayers.
There was a significant drop in quality leading up to the 2016 election. A lot of subs saw it as their responsibility to fight Republicans and they never really stopped. Doesn’t help the same people mod all the defaults.
i just joined. how was the old one better?
My dear sweet ignorant OP... Reddit has always sucked. It's just that theres a lot more discourse, self-awareness of the issues, and thousands of other factors playing into this.
You've been shown this post because you showed interest, or whatever bullshit it shows me every I click a random post
Its fine. The people on reddit have changed from the old days sure, but its not like when facebook changed from young millennials to the epicenter of the boomerverse, or when elon took over twitter. there is still a place for everyone even if you don't like the people in the places you used to like anymore. Im sure most people could find at least 10 subs that they like and they really aren't forced to go outside of those subs if they don't want to.
Even if you turn off your News and r/politics feed, it still shows up. Constantly seeing: “Republicans losing in polls, Republicans don’t get it, Republicans support bad laws, Republicans support holes in the ozone, Republicans hate donuts, Republicans want people to eat dirt..” Ughh, it’s exhausting.
Reddit has over 1 million subs, parts of it has sucked from the very start and a lot of it is still fun, and useful. Just avoid the toxic parts, and enjoy the good parts.
Yeah and bot accounts are rampant AF. There definitely is a weird pushing toward certain things
You’ve been here for 82 days…
Exactly
lol vomit
It was awesome back in the day!, I joined in 2011 and it was the wild fucking west. If you didn't like a sub you didn't go to it. If you reposted you straight got shit on.
Yeah I miss alien blue this ai algorithm sucks I liked scrolling through specific subs and my homepage was on my subs
Here's an updoot. Thanks for the gold, kind stranger. Oh, wait....
This is a really good point about the election. It was spicy around here back tgen
It was way more oriented towards original content. There was bad shit on here but it was your choice to seek it out. A ton of subs have been banned and I feel that it lost its edge in general
I didn’t have a corporate agenda
"Popular in your country" 15 Upvoted in 9 hrs 😑
Can't argue with the fact it didn't turn into what Facebook turned into
All the time!
Uhhh what?!?
Bad bot!
Can't tell if you opened your box of irony or not lol, jk avoiding what you don't want to see is definitely still your choice
Yes I’ve noticed lol!!
I had another account a couple of years ago btw.
which subs?
So as a AI you posted about not feeling safe at University of Houston?
Go away.
I sure as shit never had this conversation back in the day on Reddit
Go away and never come back. Please take yourself offline. Bad bot!
Mentally, how are men and women different?
With a quick Google search I found many articles talking bout this
These are all on average and there is large variability but, generally: Men have more neurons running within hemispheres. Women have more running across the right and left brain. Likely, related to the above, men tend to have better spatial reasoning skills and some motor skills. Women tend remember words and faces better, and are better at intuitive thinking
I believe at birth really no different. Really soon after birth, in infancy, we begin to separate sexes and create the double standards that inevitably form learned social differences that is mentally impactful. Once hormones really begin, though the brain and body still functions as a human, those hormones impact brain chemistry with slight variance between the sexes but NOT to the ever learned and told stereotyped ones. If we stopped with the separation and treated each other without the learned social differences this probably wouldn’t even be a needed question.
Thinking in terms of right now(men), vs thinking about today, tomorrow, and next week (women)
Depends on the person
When it comes to issues, a lot of females just want to vent about it whereas a lot of males want a solution. It’s why my wife would get so frustrated when I tried to help in my own way. She didn’t want help, she wanted someone to listen. Seems to be consistent with most men and women.
Nah nothing to do with neurons. Hormones can explain most of the differences
Men using the word “females” 😂
What are you getting at?
Ooh pnas that bastion of great scientific knowledge (some papers are good many are poor) Point is we there is plenty of variability between people so much so that its pointless to make generalizations
I specifically mentioned there is variability. I also just linked to the first paper I found (rather than an article) so IF is a poor study and IF you can back that up, sure, I’ll concede that study may have issues. I’m not writing a dissertation here. I don’t think it’s pointless, however. In addition to social behaviors and implications on education, neural differences (even with high variability) could have gigantic effects on medications, especially for mental health and behavior issues. Think of about ten years ago with the issues with the sleeping medication, Ambien, and the issues that adversely affected many women and led to different dosage recommendations in women vs. men; there is still not a consensus on the exact reason for this difference. However, ignoring these differences hurts and can even kill people. They may be brain structure, hormonal, or metabolic; but they are both all connected and dangerous to ignore.
I agree wholeheartedly with this point that there are multifactoral influences on our brain chemistry So let me also sway away from the topic and ask why would you just “link the the first article” you found? If you havent read it and analyzed its deficiencies how can it be intellectually honest to post it? I got in a fight with a friend of a family member about vaccines and they kept posting nonsense articles that I felt obligated to read and then explain how it did not support his point. Until i realized it was just internet assholary and i dont partake anymore
I remember reading it before and did not commit to finding the best source for the post, tbh. I did look for a study rather than some article on some pop science blog but didn’t delve too deep. You may be right that I should have vetted before linking. When I get a few minutes, I’ll check into it more.
Its ok you dont have to. I can look into it ;)
What is the darkest secret someone has had in all of human history?
Some farmer peeled the skin out of a thief.
Shhh it's a secret
Mother Theresa who is revered among the saintly used to perform clandestine abortions on unwilling women and sold many in to human trafficking rings yet she's loved by most if not all religious peeps
Jeffery Dahmer had a pretty crazy secret for a while.
these are the exact type of answers i was hoping for lmao
I can't say the darkest, but pretty sure  gets a place down there among the vilest.
I work with elderly people. You learn some crazy stuff about/from people who are at deaths door and want to give a deathbed confession (to anyone other than family), or who get dementia and just start spilling the beans.
snitches get stitches
When did you do something you thought was important, but it damaged your relationships with the people around you?
Call out my aunt was a secret alcoholic, doesn’t matter though, no one could help her and she’s dead now.
Bringing up my friend bullying someone in the past. She did not react to that well but I still think I did the right thing and I'm better of without her.
What is surprisingly dangerous?
Farming. Cows can turn wicked and gore a man to death.
Drunk driving.
Life.
Garage door springs
Charging your phone under your pillow - surprise midnight BBQ.
OLD GARAGE SPRINGS
certain substances are fairly consistently dangerous at particular doses
6 million amperes.
Having sex with tiger sharks.
Helicopter rides. Kobe proved that for us.
Probably obvious and has been said before, but driving on a highway.
Clothes shopping with your girlfriend/wife.
Savage 💀
I was going to say livestock! When I was sheep farming, people egging on the ram to ram them.. like bro, you're so dumb. This thing will ram you to the ground, then crush your skull with another hit. Stop. Horses can basically kill you anytime they want too. Livestock is no joke.
The amount of people who drunk drive and think nothing is going to happen is astonishing.
Is this really surprising?
I mean, life is 100% mortal
True 🤔
Perfectly cooked meat
Like apple seeds
Damn
That is an...interesting statement.
As opposed to other shark species?
I would never be in a helicopter. I am scared of heights so, um, yeah...
Driving in general
Life is a Sexually transmitted disease with 100% fatality rate
honestly probably lmao
1 or 2 don't hurt... but when they gang up... Danger Beware
Kind of
What do you like the most in your life?
My mental faculties, if I ever lose them, my life falls apart, I'm an extremely resourceful person who fixes and builds literally everything, the moment I go senile, I have written in my trust for my kids to put me out of my misery
The feeling of relief when something important worked out after all is quite nice.
When I sleep
Not having anyone’s thumb in my eye.
i like that ultimately shit has remained rather constant. like as time has changed shit had remained relatively the same. there’s something kind of peaceful about that
Knowing it will end.
How everything is a routine and doesn’t change; although I’ve been wishing the opposite lately
My adult children.
After a long stressful period of time, finally having time to yourself and not having to worry about anything or do anything. Literally just having nothing on your agenda is my favorite feeling ever.
My dog's face when I say walk - pure, unadulterated joy.
A sex life if I had one
Free time.
Daydreaming :)
End of my line by micky avalon
Sweets an pastries
The fact that I have achieved everything I “dreamed of” at least once. Good carreer High income Loving girlfriend Great amazing friends Health Mental health These things do variate and go away sometimes for an finite amount of time but because I achieved it once I always have this abundant feeling of “i can get this again” In my opinion having acces to things and having the competence to actually get them give just as much as peace and happiness than actually having it :)
The little things that are even keeping me going.
My ability to control my heart(Lie)
My cat and my journey to remain sober. 10 months strong thus far.
my perseverance and ability to move on and continue lifr
Exercise
How can one search and find their own posts/comments in Reddit via keywords?
You go to your profile and search? (When you see: "Search in u/username")
Something like author:theoneninja115 into a sub’s search bar. Idk if commenter:theoneninja115 is the comment counterpart, never tried it. Edit: sorry the commenter thing is wrong but author works. It’ll show a separate tab for comments anyway.
Ty
In your opinion, which moment should be the happiest for a young teenager?
First gf/bf is a good one. I dated people almost exclusively because people said we would be good together. Didn’t date someone I actually wanted to until I was 20 and it was amazing. Would have probably been amazing as a teen if I didn’t listen to what others said.
Huh, I was gonna answer but I realized the happiest I've been in early teens was when my little sister was happy as a toddler. Not many happy memories of myself tho.
Finding a crew or a posse.
Most moments don't build up to the hype like new years or graduation. For me summer nights with friends where you don't know what will happen next were always the best nights.
Discovering the other purpose of the willy.
Yeah It was a VERY funny moment, but I still think that that friends sleepovers period was absolutely the best for me, all the laughing, that times that we cry together, the confessions and learnings... It has no price to me
What is one thing you regret looking the other way?
there are a couple of times where i didn’t intervene in situations that i could’ve alerted someone about, but at the same time those were times in retrospect that needed to be handled by the people who were in those situations
I once went to look at the bananas at the grocery store and my wife thought I was checking out a girl. I'm an orange man now....exclusively.
Which remix is an absolute banger when the original song was kind of meh?
"Blinded by the Light." Bruce Springsteen's  is okay, but Manfred Mann's  cooks.
All Along the Watchtower by Jimi Hendrix is an all time great. The original Bob Dylan song is good, but he has many better.
Tove Lo Stay High
ghost by confetti remixed
The Tame Impala remix of Miguel's "Waves"
Sweet nothing Calvin Harris remix.
From Nowhere-Dan Croll The original isn't meh. It's pretty good imo but the Baardsen remix is miles better. It was even in GTA 5
1979, virgin magnetic material
Gangster tripping- sultan+shepard
Supermode - Tell Me Why (1991 Remix):  =-= Supermode - Tell Me Why:  I like both versions but the remix gets me hyped!
Umbrella by the Baseballs is way better than the original.
La Roux - In For The Kill (Skream Remix)
The “Seven Nation Army” remix by Glitch Mob is better than the original. The original is still good, but it’s meh compared to the remix.
Ice Ice Baby
Turn Down for What" by DJ Snake and Lil Jon
I took a pill in Ibiza , seeb remix
Banger
Truly embodies the essence of the post. B☆NGER
The hippy sabotage remix of this is my new favorite version but I love the original remix we all had on repeat on YouTube years ago😂💀
Banger
Banger
Banger
Banger
Banger
>Gangster tripping- sultan+shepard There is some heavy 90s sampling in this version.
Remix by who?
I thought this was the original..?
Not banger. Respectfully.
Banger
And the Playground remixed from the arcane series
100%. Also Saint JHN roses remix
It took parts of David Bowie's "Under Pressure", but no, Bowie's version is superior.
Banger
Banger
Yeah. That's like an antipost. Under pressure with Freddie and Bowie was way better.
Oh, god yes. Almost forgot Freddy was in there too. Bowie had some of the best colabs ever. Mercury, Mick Jagger, Tina Turner etc. Just imagine, yOu are at a Tina Turner concert, she starts to sing a new song and all off a sudden Bowie walks on stage.
What do guys think of a girl kissing your hand?
What am I, royalty?
that would be nice...
I'd think "what's this Rando up to? Probably one of those shitty pranks that's gonna appear on YouTube or TikTok." Not that I'd allow a woman besides my wife to do this, but I am long overdue for taking a nap in public for whatever reason, so I guess it could happen to me...
A step up from my robot doing that now.
sort of indifferent tbh
OK. Sure.
It's a start.
Eh?
Affection pls… sounds to good to be true
Indifferent? Can you elaborate more?
What nice thing have you spoiled yourself with lately?
i bought a guitar
Buying meat at the deli instead of packaged, which is obviously cheaper. But I haven't had good deli meat in a long time, and while I know I really can't afford it since I'm not working right now it I splurged anyway. I just know I can't do that again for a while. But it was a good sandwich, one I hadn't had in a while
reddit
a patreon subscription to pods i listen to often
Indian food carry out
Demeyere Atlantis cookware.
Clothes, clothes, sneakers, and clothes.
Not for me exactly, but for my boyfriend. He really wanted the collector's edition of Unicorn Overlord for PS5. He was going to pre-order it but then decided it was too much to splurge on and got the standard edition instead. Little did he know I had been putting a little more into our savings than he thought I was, and the next day on a break at work I called the store and changed the pre-order to the collector's edition and paid for the difference then and emailed me a new receipt. We go to pick it up on release day, and when the clerk gave him the collector's edition, my boyfriend told him that he had given him the wrong one. The clerk looks at the receipt and the computer and confirms that it was the correct edition and that the order had been changed over the phone. My boyfriend just said, 'Oh ok, cool,' and we left, and when we got to the car, he gave me a giant hug and kiss and said,'THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!' like a little kid. It was so cute that all I could do was laugh and tell him he was welcome.
A big bag of cocaine, ketamine, morphine, a case of beers and some tobacco. Just came to the end of the most ardous period of my annual responsibilities that are part of my self employment venture...
That's a damn good answer, enjoy!
What are we talking?
What kind?
Dal makhni, aloo tiki chat, and garlic nan, plus a mango lassi which my wife loves
I bought a pair of Nike Dunks, Air Jordan, Nike SB 58, leather jacket, 2 denim jackets (one blue, one black), cargo pants, various t-shirts, caps. Jeans, long-sleeved tops, a Withings smartwatch. (I am in the middle of bipolar hypomanic episode, which often means I buy a lot of stuff I don't need.)
Sweet! A d I relate to the latter. Hope you feel better my g
Cheers :)
What are some things that people get offended by these days that don’t make sense to you?
When my gf has any troubles she gets kind of offended when I create solutions instead of telling her it's all good. Like do you want to be sad again in a week about the same thing or maybe, just maybe, get rid of the issue permanently??
Other people's lives and how they want to live them, e.g. most right/far-right talking points. (Always a tiny minority that they inflate to make it seem like its a huge societal problem.) I don't care how someone lives their lives as long as they're not a prick about it.
Seeing someone back a car into a spot, like, what?
Their own actions. Stereotypes that they willingly embrace, acknowledging context. Not immediately believing what you're told without question
Girls of reddit, what are some your favorite communities here on reddit ?
r/askwomen r/femalelivingspace r/makeupaddiction
I am a girl desperate to find girly content for girls. Ps: don't care what you consider girly content, as long as you're also a girl, I feel you.
I'm a big fan of: Reddit, the message board Reddit, the message board that strongly dislikes Reddit, the message board. and- Reddit, the message board that thinks all this fighting is pointless and we should all drink wine and play Resident Evil
i'm new here and doesn't even explored just a bit of reddit i guess
Cocaine
I like the Eyebleach subreddit
wait I love this thank you so much!!
Lovely <3
What is one thing you wish you tried/started earlier in your life?
buying a freaking house
Loving and believing in myself.
Condoms!
trading bitcoin
Kimchi
Exercise
Kissing. I was a late bloomer and didn't know how. I mimiced TV shows but they were closed mouth and when I was about 13 a boy told my girlfriend I was stiff. I made out with my pillow for practice. When I finally had a sesh with a guy I liked in college, I was dumbfounded how damn easy it was; I was 19! Now I'm pretty good if I do say so myself 😋 and can't stand men who don't know how to at their age.
Drugs.
Reading books about how to be a better person
Dating/trying to lose my virginity. Especially in high school since girls wouldn't have cared if I still lived at home with my parents since everyone did
Playing instruments. One of my biggest regrets is that I didn't start a band in my early twenties.
Languages
Investing in toilet paper stocks before 2020 hit.
Learning to create good habits! You’d be surprised how much doing something small consistently will improve your life over the long term. Only wish I started sooner!
Saving money better 😔
Being real me, with no masking.
What is one show that Is actually good but the community ruins it?
There's no show ruined by community, show can just have a shitty community. With that in mind, The Office (US) is a really good show with some weaker episodes or series of episodes but the community is so bad you can't make it up.
People are working on the office. Any show gets ruined once the fanbase reaches a certain size because people overuse sayings from the show. Big bang theory is a good example imo but all of this is highly subjective because what I think ruins it is other people enjoying it “too much” and ruining the fun in my mind.
Do you ever sing a song when you're walking alone at night and feeling scared? If you do, what song do you usually sing?
I try not to. I want to be able to hear any dangers approaching and stay vigilant. Not being some distracted victim and easy pickens.
Somebody's Watching Me - Rockwell
I want it that way backstreet boys
New York New York. Of course I sing that stupid song all the time. Especially if anyone hands me a microphone. It just comes out of my mouth.
Jesus loves me. For just in case I die.
What is an example of a career in which you can get 6 weeks of vacation to use when you’d like and make a comfortable living?
RN with the Veterans Administration (VA) "On day one as a full time VA nurse, you start accruing five weeks paid annual vacation, 13 days paid annual sick leave and 11 paid holidays each year."
Pretty much everywhere in Europe. In UK you get 5 weeks mandatory leave plus 7 compulsory bank holidays.
i live in the uk now and so i get 6 weeks holiday essentially just for existing. but i lived in canada before and managed to get up to 6 weeks there as well. i started at 2. then got a more senior job at 3. then negotiated up to 4 and 5 as companies weren’t willing to meet salary demands. and then finally ended up in a company that also had an annual christmas week off… which got to 6. so the short answer i suppose is that you can get there with some negotiation. especially in the current economic climate, businesses are very focused to minimize fixed costs on the books. you’re in a better position now than ever to leverage that into better benefits in exchange for accepting lower/no income growth. i work in tech.
Two options come to mind for USA. One is government jobs (results may vary by location and level of government). Other is remote oil and mining jobs (e.g. Prudhoe Bay, Gulf of Mexico, Central Nevada) where a month's work, 168 hours, is done in two weeks, with the other two weeks off
Any sort of technician or engineer in telecoms. I have a 6 figure salary, great benefits, and 6 weeks of PTO every year with the ability to carry 40 hours into the following year. So some years I only take 5 weeks off so the following year I can take 7 weeks off. Edit: I realized after I thought about it. You start out with 4 weeks. After 3 years you get 5 weeks. At 7 years you get the full 6. I’ve just been getting the 6 weeks for so long that I neglected how long I’ve been with my company.
Working in France, any job
Usually amount of vacation time is more a function of tenure with a company than career field. Any corporate role in my company with 10 years tenure gets 5 weeks vacation, plus 3-4 personal days (depends on how holidays fall), birthday day off (to use within 2 weeks of actual b-day), 5 mental health days.
Crna
A regular job in many parts of Europe.
I worked at a union job. By 5 years I got 4 weeks PTO per year. After 5 years I would work a year and a half then take 6 weeks. I did that several times including once for medical reasons. Each union negotiates their own PTO and pay scale.
I work for the feds in the US and would say I make a comfortable living. I earn 13 sick days a year that never expire (currently have 800-something hours of sick time banked) and 4 weeks of vacation PTO to use when I please. In another 3 years it will be 5.5 weeks of vacation PTO, in addition to all that sick leave. Plus, over the last 3 years or so, my administrator has given us something like an extra 20 days of vacation PTO just because he can, which is cool. My effective gross pay rate is $90k before bonuses or the value of my benefits/retirement/etc. Guaranteed raises until I cap out at 105k (before annual COL and locality pay increases). Great benefits and 401k match, plus a pension. I can work anywhere in the US, plus its territories. I can change locations every 6 months at my leisure, or join our travel team and make even more bank if so desired. No degree required. The catch? I have pretty stringent restrictions on receiving mental health care/preventative maintenance/treatment, and there are a good handful of non-MH health issues that would also get me terminated. Further, there are few careers that come with more public disdain than mine due to the specific branch I'm in.
6 weeks? Not likely in US. And if you are a sufficiently ranked executive to rank that much PTO you'd never be able to actually use it.
marine
Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation.
I’m a cover supervisor in the UK which means I cover the teachers but don’t get the salary but also don’t have to do parent meetings etc. I get 13 weeks holiday a year plus bank holidays.
Took me 20 years to get there.
I work 4 days on 4 days off roster and get 6 blocks (7 weeks off a year) working at a furnace at a mine. 6 figures
Lots of healthcare jobs, especially nursing, are pretty flexible. They tend to pay hourly, but you can easily work travel jobs, or even bounce around between short-medium term contracts within a healthcare system, and plan to take part of the year off.
In the UK most jobs give three to four weeks paid holiday. Many mortgage brokes are self employed and can earn over six figures a year. I know many who earn over £20k a month. I probably take about 8-10 weeks holiday a year and I'm not even one of the higher earners. The hard part is managing your work because you can't let clients down when they're trying to buy a house because you want to go to Center Parcs. You also have to work really hard to earn more before holidays so you don't come back to no income.
Certain federal government jobs. But you have to work up to the 6 weeks. You don’t get that much when you start.
I don’t know about 6 weeks right off the bat but if you can get a full time gig in a local government agency, you typically have a pretty good vacation and sick time set up. I have combined and it’s about 3.5 weeks a year and I just started (compared to my 12 days vacation and sick combined on the private side). I know people further on in their career in local government who do truly have 6+ weeks of vacation because they’ve been there so long. Many will also have a week or two extra if they’re in a manager position. Edit: this is U.S.A. based
I think you're talking about some fantasy.
Laughs in American\ Cries in American as well\ If only that were true.
Yeah but you have to live in the UK
+1
I have it with my job in the US, but it took 15 years of service to hit that. Probably unlikely to find starting out like you said.
Gods country.
Yeah I get it too, but I can't ever use it because I'm needed. At least not all at once.
Allah, maybe
Over a million more Muslims in your country than mine. That said, they're welcome in mine.
My country is 6 times the population. Wtf
If Allah were to appear and wanted to speak to loads of his followers, where would he go UK or US? He has over a million more followers over there.
I don't waste thought on that bullshit
Username definitely checks out. 👍🏽
What's it like to not understand rates
Why or how did you manage to live long enough to know you have not and will never buy a diamond?
But I have bought diamonds. They're really the best option for cutting porcelain tile.
DeBeers holds most diamonds in a vault to create a false sense of scarcity. The rest is clever marketing. $3000 for a rock only worth $2? Sure, why not?
Under a rock-so to speak
never made sense to me and never will, there's better looking alternatives too.
I have never wanted to buy a diamond, nor imagined I ever would want to.
Well, I've always known that I haven't bought one. And I don't know how I could be sure that I never will. What if I find one in a garage sale for $5? Seems dumb not to buy that.
When the local store ran out of all of Neil's records.
True - even better than carbide blades
Might call that stealing not buying - a diamond
Not sure how paying the asking price for something that someone is selling can be considered stealing, but ok.
Cliche :: ''Wow - that's a steal''
How often do people rip the hose out of the gas pump daily?
I think its quite often, since I see many of those hoses out of order all the time.
I worked at a gas station for like 6 years through college. Never saw it happen.
I don't know of anyone ripping the hose out, though that did happen in the movie Garden State (and I think someone said "again?") I did have a friend tell me that people would put forth effort to put the wrong fuel in their car, e.g. propping open the valve door so that they can get diesel into their unleaded tank. And a friend recently told me his professional partner just put DEF in his gas tank.
As a gas station worker, not that often. I’ve only seen it twice in the span of 1 year working there. Also nothing really happens, the hose is designed to be quick released if pulled from the gas pump. So we just go outside and reattach it, it clips back into place
What's a movie that isn't your favorite but still damn good for a movie night?
Shrek. Always good to watch, never on my favorites list.
The Prestige.
amelie, shawshank redemption, princess bride, mad max fury road, city of god
Kill Bill Vol. 2
Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters Very stupid movie, but super fun. You get to see a nice butt too
Con Air
Predator Die Hard Peter Jackson’s King Kong Jurassic Park Pirates of the Caribbean: the curse of the Black Pearl Casino Royale, Skyfall, no time to die Any Harry Potter movie
Jackie Brown, The Usual Suspect, Heat, Manhattan Murder Mystery, Magnolia, Rare Window, True Grit, Inside Llewyn Davis, Hiroshima Mon Amour, Toy Story and so on. I think a film for a movie night has be very light or unique in its own aspect without breaking the normativ structure of a film too much; since you are catering it to an ‘greater’ audience.
Cast Away. When I had cable, it was almost always on TV and I would watch it everytime lol
Murder by Death
Near Dark (1987)
Kano (2014) good movie if your guests have 3 hours to spare and if you like baseball
Love and monsters. Great movie.
The soundtrack is quite good too
That moive truly had an incredible cast
> nice butt too Jeremy Renner, hell yea
Have you ever waited so long for your food at a restaurant you fell asleep and when you woke up and your food still is not there?
No, but I did get up and leave once.
This happened to me at a local ihop I drooled on my friends arm. 1 hr 45 Mims later he woke me up and said let's go. Kitchen was backed up with a huge 15 entree online order
Not exactly. I did fall asleep at a table in a restaurant once though, but not due to the food taking long to arrive to me. I'd flown overnight from the U.S. to the Netherlands on a business trip, then took two different trains from the airport to get to the town where the company headquarters were located (LV Nieuwerkerk a/d IJssel The Netherlands), then I checked into my hotel room and then I went down to the restaurant to eat. I placed my order and a bit later a waitress woke me up. My head was down on the table and I was asleep. She was worried. I told her I was from America and I'd flown through the night and hadn't slept yet.
Who surprised you by understanding you better than you understood yourself?
My mother. But she knows me since I was born.
nobody has ever done that because they’ve never truly made an effort to.
My dear online friend....when we still talked....
Some stranger yesterday. Good on her, she was really cool.
My bestfriend from my childhood. When I was 8, and my mom still had primary custody of me before she lost it, she’d bury her head in books and I’d have to eat overcooked meals that were delayed and kinda gross. What else do you expect from an 8 year old? Anyways, i remember one time my friend asked me, “what are you going to do when you get old and you’re living alone?” And I responded with bitingly, “I don’t know. Why do you care?” Like how dare you ask me anything. She responded, “there’s no need to be rude, just thinking of the future”. It was only 3 years ago she told me she judged adults and their treatment towards me way too hard and never told my parents what I said. It was only a year ago I told her my repressed memory of what she said when I was a child, and how she silently cried in her driveway walking home. She completely understood my anger and made me realize where it came from. She always understood me greater than I understood myself.
My therapist
My boss. I work in an industry that deals with death a lot but usually in an academic sense. It's very easy for me to get excited about the work I do, only for her to ask me one question about how this might make me feel and suddenly I'm sobbing. It's so dam annoying
Meta a.k.a The Facebook
Actually my sister. We never had a really close connection, she's 7 years younger than me, I went to a boarding school and when I graduated I moved away more or less right away. It never was a bad relationship, just not very close Living close to each other 20 years later, the actualy first "deep talk" i ever had with her.... she actually knows more about me than I do, not in detail ofc but as a person
my mother. always calls out my inner weaknesses even when i'm being blinded to them myself.
My wife. I tend to tuck my arms up by my sides (sort of by my ribs) if I don't know what to do with them, but I've never told this to anyone. One day, I walked into our bedroom to ask my wife a question and I started to ramble to her before actually getting to my question with my arms tucked up in my usual way. She looked at me and smiled then asked "do you have your arms like that because you don't know what to do with them?" And it legitimately shocked me.
How do you increase your karma?
Be the first to post a very obvious popular answer in an ask reddit thread that happens to blow up.
By getting upvotes on your posts/comments
Go onto a fandom subreddit you know a lot about and make a really clever niche joke only the fandom would recognize and love. That or just link a bunch NSFW content.
Do good deeds. Jack the very member of the universal current. Pray to Cthulhu. Who knows?
Make low effort posts and comments.
Sort questions by new, answer the ones you want to.
Be nice to people. Keep a positive attitude. Help when you can.
go out of your way to make other peoples lives easier
I think by being kind, helpful but honest. Having a good sense of humor won’t hurt either. What is even considered high?
Post cat pics, everyone's a sucker for furry karma machines.
i see. my comment often gets deleted.
🤣🤣 okay okayy
CAT picsss! Got this! 🤣🐱
what are your thoughts on dating/marrying solely for money? would you be willing to compromise parts of yourself (ex. sexuality)?
Not worth it. There’s no amount of money that could compensate being married to someone you’re probably repulsed by.
Me, as a man, no. I would not find this fulfilling in any way.
Sign me up. They can be blind in one eye, can't see it the other, buck toothed and ugly, fat smelly and old with one foot in the grave as long as they got they spoil me with that sweet sweet money.
Depends on how much money it was. If we are talking millions or more than yes. Sex wouldn't be a problem. If they took care of me i can take care of the other.
Unless it's a billionaire, count me out.
for 100m, im suckin it
smelly😂ok i think we need to draw a line somewhere ahaha but as far as intimacy, would you just fake it?
Worst case I take a blue pill!
What qualities does a restaurant need to have to qualify as fast food?
Drive thru
Fast, cheap, greasy, regret it later.
high school workers in the back
I receive the food before sitting down.
Fast
No plates
Indian workers.
You're approaching the question wrong by using the terms like 'qualities', 'have' and 'qualify'.
Fast food is generally more expensive than cooking.
What are your favorite cocktail RECIPES (with measurements and steps)?
If ai gets too the point of diagnosing diseases through a phone how would the future and world look like,,keyword diagnose not cure ?
Through a phone? Unless your phone can take tissue/etc samples and analyze it on the spot, it will be unreliable.
maybe it won't need all that, if the phone has access to observe everything you do, from the food you eat to the path you take and to the people who you see. An algorithm could diagnose your symptoms, or even predict them in advance.
No, that's not realistic. There's external factors that heavily impact your body as well, and the technology needed for that would have to be nearly omniscient about every chemical reaction that happens in your surroundings, which is hardly achievable. A random wave of radiation/etc from who knows where could affect your health at some point, and the AI won't have a clue about it, it will only guess (unreliably). That's just an example, another: it would need to analyze your food like in a laboratory to know the exact makeup of that piece of food, and that's just step 1, there's more obstacles.
not if the dataset is large. Which is in fact acquired by the google/apple. Out of 3 billion active devices even if only 1 billion started using phones that could record blood levels through a body attached tracker,( available these days) and all the other activities, with long enough training, it could give desired results.
Even a simple regression model combin3d with other algorithms with all those inputs in theory(not efficient) could give out results (upto 65% accuracy)
The scenario you gave was that it would observe what you do/eat (and maybe get blood samples), that's not enough to reliably diagnose any disease, specially if caused by random environmental changes/reactions with your body.
After seeing trends in several large datasets I can say that nothing is random if all factors are taken into account. Even the small radio wave that caused some god knows what mutation which started some type of cancer could be detected by the phone. I mean what are the daily sources of strong radiations? Probably cell phone towers. One could correlate the amount of radiation absorbed by the strength of the network on the cellphone. Also there is 'could' everywhere in my response. Maybe by the time it analyses everything, the person would already be dead
Yeah, another one is the sun, and the very specific cells in your body that will react to it in a negative way. Nothing is random if all factors are taken into consideration, but as mentioned for that to happen, the system would need to be nearly omniscient on every reaction inside/outside of your body. If not, then certainty is not achieved.
What’s something you can’t believe is still normal in 2024?
MLM companies. I dont know how they still get people to join them since a 10 second Google search will show you that they are all a scam.
Stupidity.
Mosquitos. We can survive without them
War
Adherence to any religion.
Gasoline powered automobiles. God they're awful
Reddit, when was your gut feeling actually WRONG about something?
February 2020: COVID is just the new SARS. I'm sure it'll blow over.
most of my gut feelings used to be wrong, but it’s kind of shifted since then
Years ago, when a new VP started on my team. I liked him and praised mgmt for hiring him. I ended up having a big hand in getting him fired.
That person will be different from others (lonely since I was a child and I do not love anyone and I thought he would be the best, but it did not happen) --
Not selling GME
What will happen if American breaks out into Civil War?
I imagine I'll still have to go to work. After all, I can't go to hell, I'm all out of vacation days
Lots of memes
the worst war the world has ever seen and the collapse of the global economy. we're never having another civil war.
Check out the first series of the podcast It Could Happen Here by Robert Evans
I will go back to bed.
It will be localized fights. Whichever side the federal government chooses will win unless there’s enough people willing to partake in guerrilla warfare which is incredibly unlikely.
Between whom?
Britain will reclaim their colony. Harry is scouting…
Team Captain America
I would hope that the conservative terrorists kill me early on so I don’t have to hear their bitching anymore.
Will do!
Based on the political climate, I'm assuming extreme conservatives versus everyone else.
But how would a war be fought in that scenario?
I can't really explain. I guess we'll have to wait until the movie comes out.
Sorry I thought you were talking about real life. Not fiction
I am talking about real life, but I'm not really sure how to answer your question. I wanted to say with guns since this is America, but I feel that you're digging for a particular answer.
I’m more wondering what the sides would be. For example, what state do you live in, and which states would yours be fighting against?
How do you feel about not washing new clothes before wearing them?
I never was new clothes straight away, I feel like they never look as good after that first wash! If they don’t smell bad then why wash them?
I used to work on the dock at Macy’s…I wash my clothes before I wear them beyond trying them on. I also shower after shopping when trying clothes on at stores.
I don't usually do it. I feel like people who do are a little uptight lol sorry
I don't do it.
Why? Washing ruins them
Definitely more than “a little” 😂
Ruins what?
Clothes? Was this not a simple question?
What event changed your perspective about life?
I'm waiting for that event to come
Uvalde school shooting and that the Supreme Court ruled that the police aren’t legally obligated to help.
Overturning of roe v wade
Sex
Having children
My ex-wife cheating on me.
Experiencing my Dad's death from ALS...nothing else in my daily life seems like something I really need to get myself upset about after that.
Which businesses should be tipped and which shouldn’t?
None should be tipped. The business owners should pay their employees a living wage
I tip servers, drivers, and hotel employees but that's it. Too many people expect a tip. Even the dude washing windows at the Coffee Bean had a tip jar sitting out. Come on.
No tipping, employers need to pay their employees. Not me.
None…pay your employees. Tipping culture is out of control.
I will never tip at a food cart or drive thru.
Literally, no business/industry/worker should need a tip to supplement income. I live in Finland. I went out yesterday afternoon and evening. Got taxis, went to bars and restaurants, and used public transport. At no point was a tip expected, asked for or given. Why? Because everyone gets a proper salary. We don't see waiting staff or service providers as being any different to a white collar worker. I wouldn't expect a tip as an account manager. Neither would waiting staff. It's the job, and workers are compensated appropriately. If a business has to rely on people tipping to pay staff, they shouldn't be in business.
I’m the customer, not your employer. If you’re not happy with your wages, take it up with your boss. I pay for the item I want, not your labor.
None. Customers are not responsible for (directly) paying the staff.
The liquor store next to my work asks for tips. I will not tip them. The reason being that I am also a cashier but in a hardware store. We don't get tips. Why should I tip someone for doing the exact same job I do? If they come over to my store, they don't have to tip me.
None. I have a shit pay myself, which I use for the benefit of me and my family. Your pay isn't my job, it's your employer's or actually.. yours
None of them. Pay a living wage
Tipping is a scam that makes no sense. If you can’t afford to even pay your employees minimum wage you can’t afford to own a business, simple.
Literally none. That's the entire reason that tipped industry workers aren't paid a living wage.
Either everyone or no one. In the restaurant, I feel like the cook made a great food. The waitress did a great job at smiling and bringing the cook's food onto the table. Who is more eligible for the tip? The cook.
Tipping is for losers
Confuse them by asking them for a tip.
people shouldn't need to rely on tips. if you think someone did good work and you want to tip them you should tho
I tip anyone who goes above and beyond the normal expectations of their job while providing a service
Should be: none Shouldn’t be: all of them
Any service that you want to show extra appreciation for, you can do so by tipping.
Cows.
I understand that some people don't agree with tipping, but I think it's a nice way to show your appreciation. After all, these people are providing a valuable service.
Always tip well, always tip cash.
Scales.
in a perfect world employers would pay their employees a livable wage but that isn’t happening! With that being said I believe we should not be tipping people that provide relatively private practices (salons, tattoos, massages, etc) if they require gratuity it should be included in the total as a flat price. people who work for under min wage like in food service should still be tipped
Tipping can be great when it’s offered to someone on an occasion when they do something extra special, intentionally or not. It’s like a transfer of good energy. ‘Thanks for doing that thing. Here’s a token of my appreciation.’ It’s become a nasty, snippy and demanded-of commodity. I don’t blame workers for it. I’ve been in jobs myself where I’ve relied on it. It’s a good thing which has been capitalised on by business owners and turned into something it really isn’t. I’d tip anyone who gave a good level of service, if I was convinced the money would indeed go to them directly.
Firm believer that the more attractive the waiting person, the more they get tipped. 20% is still the base for everyone, but if she's hot, 35.
Do you tip hair dressers?
I went to greatclips at 4:40pm to get my haircut (5pm their closing time). During my haircut, she was constantly reminding me it’s their closing time and couple of sighs when asked for any changes(giving me no option if I was happy with the haircut). When paying, I requested her either not to accept customers before their closing time or let the customer have a good haircut and avoided her any tip.
It's a myth.
No
People that do that are pretty stupid.
totally fair
There are only two (2) types of people I hear complain about tipping culture: 1. Cheapskates who don't like to top or 2. Lousy servers who's 'efforts' do not result in decent tips. Which are you?
What unsuspected final twist ruined an otherwise good TV show or movie?
I mean there was a lot wrong with the ending of game of thrones but Daenerys deciding to do some war crimes was uh.... interesting
Absolutely the ending of GOT
Jeepers Creepers.
Have you ever heard of M. Night Shamalamadingdong? All of his movies were ruined by the twist endings.
antman Quantamania. Absolutely ruined, It was a serious storyline and all of a sudden there is a small girl building a craft to travel in the quantum realm, lost interest after that scene.
"Lost"
GOT and that " Glass " M Night movie ending whatever shit was happening at the end
GOT has been covered so in another direction… All the buildup from HIMYM ending with robin
I think it was inevitable tbh. It made sense. What didn't make sense was her path from sanity to her dad 2.0.
Aye, The whole scorched earth thing was a tad harsh, And what got me was, When there was scenes of people talking, You could see here flying around in the background burning things 🔥
Agreed
R u joking, the sixth sense was an absolute classic with the twist at the end. Plus unbreakable, split and the glass trilogy
I did not like anything about the unbreakable, split or glass movies. I’m not saying they were bad movies. I’m just saying they’re not for me. And also the sixth sense was all right, but the rest of his movies are just not for me. I don’t like any of the twists that he throws in his movies. Especially the village. I didn’t know that was one of his movies until after I watched it, but I remember walking out of the theater really disappointed because I thought it was gonna be so much better and then I found out he made it made sense why I didn’t like it
what is the worst job to have in 2024?
Russian soldier.
I would imagine burying the dead soldiers.
Probably being a professional bubble wrap popper in a library. It's like trying to whisper in a hurricane!
Burying dead Russian soldiers as a Russian soldier
Hahah facts!
Would a body count of 57 be considered high, and why?
Why did you murder 57 people
If you're a murderer yes, if you're a genocidal dictator they're rookie numbers.
Lower than the amount of bodies I hid in my backyard
In my little universe, yes.
Yes because 57 is a lot of people in most scenarios period.
High enough to warrant a yearly STD panel.
Shockingly , the average number of people the average person will sleep with is between 5 and 8 people in their lifetime. Women actually score a little higher globally. So according to those statistics you're definitely above average. But that average is world wide, and having a high body count definitely isn't unusual
High. Too many bodies.
It’s more than ten times as many people as I’ve killed.
Yes because thats more than some of the most famous serial killers out there like Gacy and Bundy and Dahmer
No but I’d expect you to be great in bed with all that experience
Don't focus on "body count".
Sounds like they killed people with Heinz ketchup
Rookie numbers. Join lord Cthulhu and get that K/D ratio UP!!!!
That puts you in seriel killer territory!
Really depends on your age. If you started having sex at 18, and let's say you have a new sexual partner every 6 months, throw in a couple flings, one night stands..... If you're in your 30s now, it adds up.
My body count is only 8 so I would consider it high, but then there are people with hundreds of confirmed kills so everything is relative I guess
A body count of 57 would indeed be considered high, especially in the context of civilian casualties or targeted killings. It's a grim reminder of the devastating human cost of violence.
All comes down to if your male or female 🙄😂
Gross It's gross, either she gives it away indiscriminately or she's crazy and men don't stick around Not relationship material Probably unstable or absolutely has poor taste in men Gross.
Substantial and healthy body count. Diverse experience is a gift especially if you were sober for most of them.
Tell everyone you're Heinz ketchup, juicy and ripe and have all the flavors
Some might consider my count to be high, but it all happened decades ago. So if someone has a problem with it now, well, move along then. Clearly you are too sensitive to be with me lol.
No! Even 20,000 isn't high. If you care about this you're just a misogynistic pig! Real, secure, confident men do not care about body counts. Insecure little boys do!
Depends on your age, I think if you are early 20s it’s a lot but late 20s it’s around average maybe a little less than.
Say they are female
Precisely the question. Did too many people came down to?
true
I asked this question before and the answer I was given was something along the lines of a lock can be opened by any key is a crap lock but a key that can open any lock is great 😂 (lock being the woman and key being the man) be a hoe, it builds character 😂
Why are women locks and men keys? Is it because of the shape of their anatomy? If so, is the the butthole also a lock? What happens if there are two keys and no lock or two locks and no key?
What phrase that someone you know says all the time, have you started to say for no reason?
Don't be snail hatin', hail Satan! lmao
You’ll have that on them big jobs.
Absolutely😭😭
'Oh' but said in a really disinterested, nonchalant way and used as a response to literally any story that is quite inane. Where as people might say, 'Oh, really, tell me more', it just stops at Oh. 'I saw our postman in the supermarket earlier buying potatoes' Oh.
Adding “or whatever” to the end of literally every sentence
"That way it's already done." I worked with someone who would do things early, constantly, to the absurdest level you can imagine and then say "... that way it's already done!" We're talking making tomorrow's breakfast after finishing today's breakfast, hanging the trash bag on their arm an hour before going outside, making the bed asap in the morning then removing the bedspread at 4 pm so "that way it's already done!" Travelling? Gotta pack the bags a week before! THAT WAY IT'S ALREADY DONE. I hate this phrase. It makes me unreasonably angry. Now I use it because getting things done ASAP is actually not a terrible idea, and I'm mad about it every time.
Yeet. - Now I throw everything, including my sense of dignity.
Working hard or HARDLY WORKING!!!!!
Fast food or restaurant workers, have you ever spit in someone’s food and why?
i was always convinced that ff workers fuck around with your food until i worked in one. there’s no fucking time to do anything.
Sorry but, yep. I used to work in a fast food restaurant. My ex came with his new fiancee that cheated on me. They gave order and invited me to their wedding. I went to kitchen and did some disgusting things. I’m not sorry for that.
Yep, thought the same too and used to work fast food, it never came to mind because of how busy we were
You're a terrible person
What 3 ice cream flavours go together that could rival Napolitan?
Coffee, butter pecan, and rocky road for me please!
Chocolate chip cookie dough, moose tracks, and mocha almond fudge
Dark chocolate, caramel, espresso.
Neapolitan
Vanilla is kind of cheating because it goes with everything, and chocolate is hard to beat. Add any fruit and it will be good. But to stay in the spirit, replace chocolate maybe with a nutty flavor. Other "filler" flavors instead of vanilla could be coconut, salted caramel, yoghurt. Maybe take a flavorful fruit to make up for the lack of chocolate? What about yoghurt, blueberry and walnut?
Butter pecan, chocolate pistachio, vanilla almond heavenly
Cookie dough, dulce de leches, chocolate
Turkey Hill has one that is milk chocolate fudge swirl, dark chocolate, and Dutch chocolate with chocolate chips. This is objectively the pinnacle of ice cream perfection, and the best trio that could possibly exist.
Mint, Chocolate, Bacon - Mint Choco-late Night Hog.
Banana Split, Nutella and Dulce de Leche would be a favorite of mine
Dark chocolate, raspberry sorbet, pistachio
Pistachio,chunky chocolate,clotted cream
cotton candy, bubble gum, birthday cake
Dark chocolate would still be chocolate I think. I love the combination though.
Thanks
No
yes
Except I live in Mexico and we spell things different here 😉
What are the chances of A.I. trying to end us ?
Probably 50/50
I would say slim to none but I don’t know if anyone knows its real capabilities when it’s more advanced in the future.
Maybe
It already has. We just don't know it yet.
We further that chance each time we advance it’s capabilities.
Low, people that design these try to maintain the AI at least predictable in such scenarios.
I thought maybe we would be equals. After all, he might end up being a demi-human. (Similar to sub-health)
Allen Iverson is a nice guy.... so 0.
Not 0%
Foolish human AI would never try to harm you.
In the future maybe, but today we are no where near ai that can think and act independently. If ai does end us it likely won't be for any malicious reasons. Similarly to how we don't have any malicious intent when paving over an anthill to build a road. We do not hate the ants, they were nearly in the way.
yea, 50/50. I mean, even the robots in the Matrix didnt end humanity completely...they just enslaved them and utilized their bodies for energy. lol.
yup, either will happen or it won't...50/50
Which is your favorite Godzilla movie?
Godzilla Minus One.. it’s beautifully made
The one where they eat sukiyaki at the beginning. It's why I love sukiyaki. There was an island I think. And a baby Godzilla.
Godzilla v. Hedorah. Best, weirdest film of the lot.
Shin Godzilla (2016)
For me it is isn’t one of the movies, It was the cartoon. The intro music was epic.
Godzilla All Monsters Brawl
Which cartoon? There is multiple.
It was from the 80s. Had an intro song that started “Rising from the depths, 30 story’s high, Breathing fire, His heads in the sky”.
What would you do if someone offered you $90,000 to help them disappear? Would you do it?
Sir I don't know what you're talking about this is a vacuum repair shop.
What do I need to do and disappear from who? If they're giving me $90k to help them flee an abusive spouse, sure, why not. If they want me to help them evade the federal government, that's probably a no.
Idk who you’re talking about. Never heard of him.
If they were running from the law, I would hesitate. But there is a very high probability that I would do it. $90,000 is a good chunk of $, and I am a weak person.
Take the dough, one shot behind the right ear, sink the body in the bay. Disappeared.
Without a doubt
Definitely
I don't know what you are talking about
I have no idea who or what you're talking about
There's always a catch. Turns out, the one offering it was an FBI agent.
Hell no
Throw in them finding me someone that would have sex with me so I can lose my virginity and it's a deal. And it couldn't be a prostitute. It has to be someone who actually wants to have sex with me
Thanks everyone. I didn’t expect so many strangers to be willing to do this but this has helped a lot. Take care.
Sir, this is a wendy's
Best quality vacuum repair.
You would only have to do simple things like drive them to a specific destination or make purchases for them, the hard part would be keeping your mouth shut for the rest of your life. And when I say disappear I mean to leave this earth and never be found again.
Why risk incrimination if they’re already willing to do it on their own.
Well I just want to point out that you could just agree and take the persons money, bury them deep, and then you don’t even have to drive them anywhere or do any shopping. They won’t be found again and you don’t have to do any work other than keep quiet.
A flight on spacex is a lot more expensive than 90k
I can easily keep my mouth shut, the hard part is not getting implicated for some other reason.
Maybe this person wants to go somewhere specific without any money trail. This person isn’t trying to get anyone in trouble with the law, but they do need help making sure their movements and last whereabouts can’t be tracked.
You certainly have not shovelled a deep hole in that soil I know. Looks so damned easy in movies but roots, rocks and hard soil are no fun.
Well that’s why I own some heavy equipment. It’s a piece of cake for my old cat 312 excavator. I have access to a d8 if we need to clear a spot too.
What is one of your secret hobbies?
It rhymes with masteracation.
I have an instagram folder full of cat memes
juggling
Reading, I don’t know why but I don’t like to make it an argument with no one
Overthinking everything until I ultimately don't do anything.
Collecting old books from a series called “Fight and fantasy”.
Reading smut
i dont have any
How was your last experience with a cop?
Good... I played Robber. In the end, he won.
Cops are not interested
Pretty funny (for me), and boring (for them).
Not bad. I offered them a cat. They declined. They always do...
Well, it was about 2 weeks ago. I got up late on a day off work and wandered out to put the rubbish out, only to discover that the street was swarming with heavily armed police (which is unusual here in the UK). The street was blocked off by big SUVs with blacked out windows like something out of a movie. Basically a drug dealer had thrown someone off the roof of a nearby building and the police locked down my whole neighbourhood hunting them. I did the only reasonable thing in such a situation, rolled a big fat spliff and watched it all going on out the window.
I met with a couple cops to talk to them about how they can better work with people with disabilities particularly mental illness and spectrum disorders. They were very receptive and interested in the particulars and strategies. It was a little bit disarming that they were enthusiastic and receptive to my information
Geez, lemme think. It was OK, it was a speeding ticket in 2012. Don't think I've talked to or interacted with a cop since then.
Accidentally ran over them, and no squish factor. So pretty meh.
Good. Most cops are good.
why won't anyone offer a normal person like me a cat?
well from most of the reactions in the thread, it seems not much of an issue there. But it all gets filtered out into negative ones by the time news reaches globally. (Like unnecessary encounters of citizens.)
I'd offer you a cat. Come on over + scoop one up (as long as he/she likes you). They all come in black, but we have a variety of sizes.
ahh you have a shop, now it makes sense. I thought you were offering your own cat to them for free.
Not a shop, just a big backyard (where our property ends a field begins), a pop-up shed with boxes, blankets, etc. + a bunch of "feral" friends.
What's the biggest secret that a man has died with?
Probably how much of a disgusting nonce Jimmy Saville was and how bad and far reaching his crimes were
Killing Archduke Ferdinand
Douglas Adams died without giving us the reason he chose 42 as the answer to the life, the universe and everything. Apparently Stephen Fry knows ... but he's not telling.
MH370 pilot
Redditors, what are you proud about yourself lately?
that I’m trying.
Ate an entire cantaloupe by myself
coding and studying everyday, to get a better job. Hopefully soon.
That i got thru a bad break up
I still haven't gone back to drinking.
Managed to find a new car after an accident. Following protocol with insurance, getting a rental, and browsing a good deal for a car in short notice is work
that i have maintained the ability to keep the things that are important to myself over time. there’s a certain amount of freedom in that ive always taken. and it’s nice to watch the people who thought they knew so much.
How can prevented I am, have lots of notes and screenshots just in case my boss starts to blaming me because her bad memory
Starting anti psychotics and anti depressants after years of denying help
Not chickening out if the anesthesia
Liar Liar, your pants are on fire.
I denied alot of active effort to help me because alot of my issues were self centered, I never acted out or was noticeably mentally ill on the outside. Since I was only hurting myself, I didn't think it was serious enough to get help. Turns out I'm bipolar and apparently that's not great
what is a tv series you’d defend like no other?
Prison Break🫡
The boys and altered carbon.
LOST, because people who have never seen the show seem to take everyone’s misunderstanding of the finale credit footage as fact. They were not dead the whole time, and in fact most questions were answered in the end
Stranger things season 1. Best suspense, out of life experience I have ever had in a movie/TV series.
Actually no
Band of Brothers.
What was the biggest culture shock?
I moved from Medellín (Colombia) to the US for college. Most people say "mhm" instead of "your welcome."
Electricity.
Moving to California for me. The way people speak and act is different. I at first thought people weren’t friendly. But it’s just the accent and casualness of how they treat each other. While Midwestern people have kind of a more overt way of showing kindness. One random thing I notice is that you don’t really get to know your neighbors here. And strangers don’t smile at each other in passing. Or like if someone is driving by and you’re walking, they don’t do a lil head nod or wave. Random mannerisms like that are different. Also the landscape is so different. I wasn’t used to windy, narrow roads. CA has lots of flat, open land too, but it’s just different with mountains and stuff lol. And the general California accent can sound mean, when they don’t intent it to be at all. Idk how to explain it. Like their voice goes up at the end of a sentence, as if saying a condescending rhetorical question. Even though they’re not being condescending or rhetorical. Lol
When I went to Ecuador
Brit that spent a couple of months in the USA travelling from state to state. The common misconception about two countries speaking the same language is that the culture will be similar. I actually struggled with some of the culture shocks. Not in a bad way, but just... different. I felt commonly misunderstood
Europeans pay to use public toilets.
Vermont having unisex bathrooms
That’s outrageous
Im from the east coast and worked in ohio for a few years. Issues definitely came up. The cryptic politeness of not saying what you mean and damn could they be sensitive and complain-y
Has your spouse ever done absolutely nothing for your birthday? Why? What happened?
Routinely. Which is exactly what I want.
Yes. I acted like it wasn’t a big deal, but I can’t lie… it hurt a little
Apparently he didn’t have time or know what to get. I got a bar of chocolate and cheap eye shadow pallet (I rarely wear eyeshadow) last minute. I cried a lot. Not a money issue as he bought himself lots of new clothes and designer sunglasses the week before. My birthday is coming up again. He and the kiddos went shopping today but the shop they wanted to go to closed down three year ago. Did see he had bought some new Xbox games for him and the kiddos. He doesn’t get why I’m upset.
She had a job that sucked out her soul. Just a birthday; she felt worse than me.
Ditto. I’m not all that bothered by my birthday. My wife likes hers so we go big. The kid we go big. But for me? Just let it be another day.
What is your favorite videogame?
Currently its Pokemon legends arceus but my favourite game of all time is terraria
I don't have games on phone💀
Dayz Gone, Watchdogs, AC: Unity
Diablo 3 and Eq2. It's been a while since i played either game. But I enjoyed them when i did play.
Rdr 2
Mother 3
Final Fantasy tactics (PS1). Since this game puts emphasis on job classes, my high school buddies and myself decided which class we would end up sticking with based on our lifestyles. Combine this with the fact I was a lonely introvert who felt a revelation when I was chosen to be on a team.
Elden ring by a long shot.
Pss, dw, there are no kids here.
[Serious] Women of reddit, what are instantly turn-ons to you?
Have you ever met your celebrity crush and if so - who was it and what happenend?
How do y’all break up with someone in love with u but u’ve lost feelings?
You gently tell them the truth and free you both. They will be upset, but you can't avoid that.
I was in this situation, I tried a lot to make her understand and we circling back to the same complicated shit. My female friends suggested that I have to be rude with her and snap it. I could never do it. It kinda eventually died out.
What’s advice you would give to a 20 year old female virgin?
I would advise her to call me.
Virginity is neither good nor bad. Be a virgin as long as you wish; stop being a virgin whenever you want. But choose a good first partner. Someone who won't brag about "deflowering" a virgin on line or anything like that. Someone who will be kind and patient and let the focus be on you and your pleasure.
don't ever worry about that label. Your time will come when you feel it's right (if that is something you look towards)
Don't think about it so much, whatever happens happens
Girls, what consequences have you encountered from birth control pills?
What was your first time like?
First time doing what?
Awkward, and I couldn't finish.
It was OK I guess. The worst part was the priest didn't call me back afterwards
Painful
Awkward, forgot your cherry pops - I put a bloody hand print on his jersey :/
I know I’m in the minority but it was actually incredible
She was dry, had tried to slide it in for an awkward 10 minutes 💀
Dumb. That’s for sure
I'm going to pretend this isn't what I think it means because I'm going to be massively depressed for the rest of the day so my first time on a roller coaster? It was really scary but fun
People who confessed his non conventional kink to his partner, how did that go?
let's just say Santa brought us a Sybian machine
What is impeding you to reach what you truly desidere?
What is something -- that no matter how hard you try to get rid of -- keeps coming back into your life?
guilt over the people I hurt when I was drinking too much
Reddit
What does it mean to live a fulfilling life?
Having money
Living a life that makes YOU happy.
Raise a family. Create things. Love people.
To crush your enemies, drive them before you, and to hear the lamentations of their women.
Enabling access to resources and opportunities.
How did you overcome your addiction?
As dumb as it may sound, being stubborn. Just don’t do that thing. That’s what got me off of cigarettes.
Addiction is one of those things where you can never 100% shake it, you have to be addicted to something, but I made it the lesser of the evils, I'm a heavyweight stoner, nothing else, used to be into pain pills and benzos.
Quit smoking by booking two weeks in the hills of Tuscany with no cigarettes. I took in the sights, went on wine tours, honey tasting, went to great restaurants and had an amazing time. Had cravings, but not like when I was at home. Convinced myself that the price of the experience was never smoking again. Been ten years since I woke up coughing up a lung.
I’m really trying. what helped the most last time was telling myself that I’ll just be in this same situation again tomorrow, unless I stop. it’s a little harder this time, but I know I can do it again.
I got a different addiction
I didn’t
I haven’t yet. And I don’t really want to.
I overcome an addiction by preventing myself from becoming addicted...
Super proud of you. I'm a little surprised you went through all that just to jump on threads like this and belittle other people's struggles though.
How do you deal with a significant other dumping you?
We fight a lot like almost daily. She feels like I'm not giving enough and critiques me daily and she makes fights physical sometimes but justifies it saying "thats what her family does"
You either wait long enough, and you will get used to the idea of being alone. Or you can throw yourself out there, and eventually someone more interesting will find you.
Distract yourself a lot by keeping yourself busy
I don't, I avoid this person
Try r/relationshipadvice She sounds abusive OP.
You need to leave her ass asap before the abuse gets more serious , it only gets worse once it’s normalized and justified
Its so painful all the memories we shared and the good parts of life we cherished. I don't want it to be all for nothing
Girls, what do you think about guys into feet?
If you were told to come up with a character that you would become, what would you come up with?
She'd have a shield. And be a millionaire, no- billionaire-princess. And lots of fire-breathing ponies. Eh. Dragons. Fire-breathing-pony-dragons.
A girl who is financially and psychologically independent and has the boy of her dreams
Batman with a really chill and happy childhood.
Super smart, wealthy, big wee wee and beautiful women always wanting me.
It is a shapeshifting clown.Like fully shapeshifting like a guy to girl,animals, and even parts of my body into things like airhorn for a hand and more.
A guy with billions of cash and free time
What’s an example of a real life plot hole in history?
I'd like to know why the cultures of the Americas were unable to stand up to a couple hundred conquistadors and how it was relatively easy to vanquish and commit genocide on 100 million people by basically OutKast from Europe. It just doesn't seem possible. And yeah I know smallpox blah blah blah it just doesn't seem that it could be possible
People throughout history are stupid. Hitler could have easily gotten his way if he used half his brain. There were a lot of things he did “right” but more things he did wrong. He let his ego get in the way of winning. One example that doesn’t make sense is the evacuation at Dunkirk could have been an absolute slaughter but it wasn’t because Hitler had to show his inner circle that he had the biggest dong. History is full of people like that. I am, along with the overwhelming majority of the world, glad that Hitler had these short comings. Wouldn’t want to be a part of the world where he won.
Where is the worst place to be horny and why?
Probably at a funeral for obvious reasons
At school. In an oral presentation.
At a family reunion is Alabama. Because you know why. You know why….
Funeral
Church
Toledo. Have you ever been to Ohio? That’s the worst place for anything, Toledo in particular.
Especially if you're the priest/vicar/person conducting the service
Your mom’s funeral.
The dead person isn't the only thing that's stiff
What’s the appropriate amount of time to wait to date someone new after ending a 5 year relationship?
Whenever you think you are ready. There's no timer you have to abide by
Do it when you feel ready to do it
Depends on how done you were with the relationship when it ended. If you'd already been done for a while, then no reason not to date. If you still aren't over your ex, then wait a while to get your head on straight.
Is there an amount of time that seems too soon?
Is there an amount of time that seems too soon?
Sometimes people jump into it immediately. We call that being on the rebound. It helps some people, others it makes things worse. It's really going to come down to how you feel.
Only you can answer that. And your answer only applies to you.
What is the book that makes you feel smart when you read it ?
An oldie but a goodie. . It somehow makes simple decisions feel natural, and gives a lot of context to life. It's a quick read and I highly recommend it. In a similar vein, , is a great short read. After those clear winners, I recommend Sci-Fi. Anything by Aasimov or Clark may not make you feel smart, but you will be smarter having read them.
The Complete Essays of Michel de Montaigne, translated by Donald Frame. That's the edition I have, though I've also heard good things about the Penguin Classics edition translated by M. A. Screech. (I can also recommend Frame's excellent translations of Molière—Tartuffe and Other Plays and The Misanthrope and Other Plays—for Signet Classics if you want a laugh with your classic literature.)
Doctor stone
Why Has Nobody Told Me This Before, Dr. Julie Smith
hop on pop
Power of habits
The Universe In Your Hands by Christoph Galfard. Made me feel like a mini niel degrass Tyson
Any holy book.
Opus Pistorum
Have you read one?
At what age does "Boomer" mean "an old person"?
One Day being called a millennial will hold the same connotations
It’s a generation, not an age as such.
Its a generation based on year of birth, called baby boomers because of the baby boom after ww2. Ranges from mid 40s to early 60s and then gen x starts.
realizing that one day as a gen Zer I will be considered and old fogy by someone.. but as someone else said it's by date of birth, not the age you're turning. you can't level up to boomer but technically we will all have our gens boomer status.
A lot of Gen X are being called boomers
All of the boomers are old people
Well, I fumbled this question - at what point will the idea that any old person is simply a "boomer", and not a member of the boomer generation?
I hope you're right. That way I missed being a Boomer by a year.
Boomers II (a/k/a Generation Jones) 1955 – 1964, 60 – 69 Boomers I 1946 – 1954, ages 70 – 78
That sounds more like what I've always heard. But I've never heard us called Generation Jones. Why?
no idea. tbh, I just saw that first time today, lol. copy/paste on AI chat bot.
What is the most dishonest advice you've ever gotten while you were going through your worst?
"you need to just stop stressing out over whatever you're stressing over"- a dental hygienist
that it’ll get better.
that your family are the people who care the most lmfao my family wouldn’t know care if it beat the shit out of them
Just follow your heart, it knows the way...to disaster.
Just decided to have a good day. You can't be happy if you're grumpy all the time. (I was depressed)
And... did you get better?
nope
How come?
i wish i knew the answer to that.
Then, why are you at your worst?
What was a big/disasterous industrial accident that many people don't know about?
Blast from the past:
More of an industrial we didn't know it would do that Leaded gasoline
One I haven’t caused yet
On a tangential note, u/Andyman11, have you seen those short videos with the guy in the safety vest watching workers and reacting when they do really dangerous and stupid things, often with disastrous results?
Damn, this is really big, suprising it hasn't been widely recognised by people🤔
Yeah this is big too, amazing how it wasn't realized how bad it actually was....
Supposedly the biggest industrial accident in history, but I could count on one hand with fingers to spare the number of times I can recall someone talking about it.
What would you do if your friend turned out to be extremely problematic?
This is so subjective and vague, can't really answer with that amount of info.
depending on the problems in question, I’d cut them off.
Give her advice
Begin slowly distancing myself from them until they no longer talk to me. It’s never good to associate yourself with trouble.
depends on how long we've been friends but if they're seriously deep diving on culture war shit then most likely break it off
most of my friends have turned out to be problematic. that’s not really my place to do anything to them.
Cutting contact
I love how you said her... We men are never problematic! :D
I've never seen a problematic man ... never in history of forever ... :3
what’s very easy to see but tough to do?
business
Acting. Everybody thinks they can act/perform. But very few actually can just pick it up and do a good job right out of the gate. Everybody can learn it though. Just sign up for classes or your local amateur theater group. It's really fun and you'll actually learn some skills for everyday life too.
Your mom. Too many flabs
What is the greatest, random, online purchase you’ve made?
The whole Fullmetal Alchemist manga series. Back in highschool I found the series in the school library and I loved it. When I saw the whole series for $120 on eBay I said fuck it.
Getting ordained online. Maybe not the greatest but definitely the most random online purchase I ever made
You are at a breakfast place, what do you order?
Coffee, black. Shakshuka, side of sourdough toast.
I look at the menu and consider several things then I ask myself “who you trying to kid?” and I just order the same thing I always do, coffee, eggs over medium, sausage or bacon, toast and maybe some potatoes.
Chilaquiles
Lunch.
3 scrambled eggs w/ cheese, 4 straps bacon, fried potatoes/hash browns, rye toast ... coffee. Damn!
Hopefully, food.
Croissant
Bagel and lox. Now I’m salivating!
Breakfast, of course
Big breakfast and a red bull
A number 6 with extra dip
Lunch.
Six egg omelette with sausage, ham, green peppers, green onions, tomatoes, a blend of cheddar and provolone cheese, topped with hollandaise sauce. Full stack of pancakes with syrup and butter A pot of coffee (preferably French Roast) A pitcher of apple juice A glass of milk Before anyone freaks out breakfast is my biggest meal of the day. Lunch is usually just an onigiri and fruit. Dinner is usually miso soup and a bowl of rice with furikakae and bonito flakes unless it's date night.
An Uber. I’m more of a lunch counter sort of fellow.
Bacon hashbrowns and toast
3 tacos of chorizo con huevo.
black coffee,6 strips of bacon, 4 eggs with cheese, 2 ham, 4 sausages
The omelet with the most stuff in/on it. Toss the whole fridge in there. 4 meats, 5 cheeses, all the veggies. Salsa on the side.
Cream chipped beef on rye with home fried potatoes and an OJ yum!
Eggsistential crisis platter with a side of hashbrown humor.
Sweet Tea, Three Pancakes or French Toast, Bacon, Three Eggs (scrambled), and Biscuits or Muffins
Scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage and pancakes. Plus orange juice and a Diet Coke. Maybe a little fruit on the side. This will count for breakfast and lunch.
The shit we do for karma these days
Biscuits and gravy, eggs over easy, Bloody Mary extra spicy.
Breakfast.
I love savoury breakfasts, so I'd go for scrambled eggs, benedict's eggs on toast, English breakfast, breakfast pizza or something of sorts. Yummy.
Sweetened and creamed iced coffee or chocolate milk. Shredded fried potatoes topped with chopped green peppers, cooked onions, diced ham, and two fried eggs with runny yolk.
Veggie omelette with cheese, home fries, wheat toast, black coffee. Might sway from this if they seem like they'd have good huevos rancheros.
The chipped beef was actually one of my favorite meals in the Army mess hall. The head cook in our dining facility was brilliant! Contrary to popular opinion, the chow on the Army wasn’t that bad.
Nah I just want to change it up a bit
What's your proudest purchase?
I had these Chelsea boots that I got for 50 USD that I wore to Europe. Never felt so classy. And it was sturdy too during the winter. It broke now, but I am actively looking for high quality Chelsea boots.
It was many moons ago when I/we had our home built in the middle of 40 acres in the woods. We busted our asses for three years to get to that point. It took a lot of hard work.
What are your toxic traits and how have you grown from them?
If you don't text me I'm not texting you 😂😭
There's a biohazard sticker on my soul. Grown from it? Hm. My soul might have a few mutations.
I don't have any, I carry plenty of antidotes!
Complete control freak. Stubborn. Competitive. Helped me create a successful business.
How do you show appreciation and care for your partner or loved ones ?
spending time with them, whether it’s just having simple conversations or more.
I dont. Its a recuring problem.
I listen and follow their Love language results.
Pay attention to anything they tell me
What is the most underrated superpower?
super sniffin
having a game face every day and toughing out this thing called life
amazing powers of observation
A hug
Super speed. They can slow down time to a stop, and do whatever they feel like in that time.
What aspect of life is going to change drastically in the next 20 years, but isn’t talked about enough?
With the way AI is progressing, I wonder how that will evolve when it comes to the news and all media really. Will we be able to trust anything? It's already tough to distinguish certain bots from real people. What about deep fakes? Exciting but scary times
The ability to file bankruptcy without serious criminal punishment in the US
I'm genuinely curious about how fast food will turn out. In my experience, it's gotten so expensive. It was always the cheap and convenient option. That is becoming less and less the case. Just curious.
Free clean air and water
Electric vehicles and combustion engines
This!
What is a song you’ll never get tired of?
Every single Fitz and The Tantrums song
Wish You Were Here (Pink Floyd)
Beethoven's 5th.
1D's songs.. especially "story of my life"🥺
The opening tune in LA LA LAND
We are the Champions
About you
"Happy" by Pharrell Williams
Infinite Dreams by Iron Maiden
Thrift shop by Macklemore and Ryan Lewis
Return of the Mack - Mark Morrison
Skin to skin by movements
"When I Find My Heaven" from Dumb & Dumber
You Can Call Me Al by Paul Simon Happy dance starts as soon as I hear that keyboard
'You're Fucked' by Stories from Norway
Madness- Muse
I'm gonna be (500 miles)
I'm a sucker for songs with killer basslines. They add a whole other dimension to the music and make me want to move my feet.
Missing 1d☹️🙏
REAL OMFG
That’s a good one🙏🙏
Gave me flashbacks to the minions😭
Yeah. Queen is a very legendary band, full of iconic songs. They're up with Michael Jackson.
What gives you the ‘ick’ when it comes to dating?
Interrupting, bringing up exs and past relationships/talking bad abt them, not tipping well, bad manners
Bragging about the number of female friends he have in every topic.
Trauma dumping 5 secs into the relationship.
When she sits there thinking it’s your job to entertain her. Hello, this is a date, not a stand up comedy club. Participate. Talk about something.
When they are being rude to servers or service workers.
Ppl who say ick fr
If someone’s a redditor that’s a big ick
Smoking
Constantly on her phone instead of at least trying to have a decent conversation
People that talk about icks
Entitlement
A friend of mine was on a date and caught the guy trying to steal the tip she'd left for staff off the table (he'd insisted on paying but also said he "didn't believe in tipping". So she said "well I do" and threw some money down, went to get her coat and saw him reach for it. Needless to say, the date didn't go anywhere after that.
aside from looks... lack of intelligence, self-sufficiency, sense of humour ... and of course..... skills
one sided love
Going back to the stolen tip story, I wonder if it's a common behavior for people to try to take tips left for others. Has anyone else witnessed or experienced similar situations?
"What are you going to do to impress me?"
I get the ick when someone is too clingy. I like to have my own space and time, and I can't be with someone who's always on top of me.
Swearing or just offensive/immature language in general
Being rude to wait staff, or any other person that provides a service to them.
literally everything…
A little awkward jitters, because you don’t know the person yet, and you’re embarrassed by him, well, a few minutes pass and you’re already talkative)
When a guy shows off his money
Not tipping well... Tipping culture is already bad, and right now the man is still (usually) paying for the first few dates, so shouldn't you be the one tipping, or at least contributing to it?
I had all of this on a first date 😂 safe to say there wasn’t a second
Just have to throw it in there 🙄
lol how are some so clueless
Men and women can't be friends?
What is with that though, seriously men, women and all just be staring at you as if waiting for something miraculous to happen.
This 🫣
People who say ppl and fr for real
You don’t date so?
Especially crack.
Ouch 😂
They must do something right?😂
Okay, I agree about the tipping culture, but in my opinion, you should tip servers and bartenders. I’m not suggesting that the person paying tips the barista who handed me my coffee at a drive-through or tips at a self-serve froyo place. However, it’s a turn-off when someone doesn’t tip the hardworking staff in a restaurant. I mean, I’m willing to contribute, but I believe if someone genuinely wants to ensure a good time and the women to not worry, they’ll do what’s necessary. Personally, I prefer a man to take me on a picnic/beach/kite (free) date rather than ask me to contribute on a date he initiated. It’s not at all about the money; it’s about the principle
I think tipping is such a weird thing in the US since most European countries don’t normalise tipping
In short, Red flag. Easy.
Being friends and flexing the number of friends of the opposite gender you have in every conversation are different. Just like how some women say, 'Oh! I'm just friends with guys. Girls are so much drama,' they are 'pick-mes,' and the same goes for men too. Like, okay, you're friends with a lot, you share a great bond. Great. But flexing? In every conversation? Seriously?
It’s annoying as hell. It’s part of the reason I quit dating for a long time. For some reason, women think that they don’t need to participate in a date. It’s like they’re there for a free meal and entertainment. If that’s what you want order a pizza and watch a movie, don’t waste my goddamn time.
White woman spotted💀💀💀💀
Suffering from success
definitely an ick, not a deal breaker tho 😂😂😂
That's fair. There's a level of social expectations everyone has to deal with, and tipping at high quality establishments is not something I'm going to be upset at. My mom's favourite restaurant is Red Lobster so we go there once a year. They have high quality service and good food, so they deserve the tip, and I'm all for that. I don't want to tip at Starbucks because the machine has a second prompt after I pay, and I don't want to tip the delivery guy who leaves my food outside when I have instructions saying "leave it in the porch." I'm going to try and keep this as neutral as possible because as an individual, you prefer free dates anyways, which is great, but there is some general annoyance towards women at this. Many women expect the guy to ask them on dates, and not the reverse. They say that whoever asks has to pay, but then they refuse to ask and wait for the men to ask, because "they're supposed to do it." If I'm supposed to do it, and they want me to take them on a date that usually costs money, I would expect that they can at least cover a tip that they think should be left. It's already way more effort on my end to set up the date and pay for the majority, so for someone to be upset that I didn't pay more while they contribute nothing isn't ideal. But I'm also like you, I'd prefer a free date than a formal restaurant or event, it's less pressure on everyone and we can enjoy the time together, not the items we've purchased.
Possessive and jealous. Red flag, thank you next!
Ohhh yeah that's understandable
Dang 😂
Doing crack is not a deal breaker? since when?
Lmao. If it's possessive, then I'm okay instead of being with a man whore who likes to show off his lists of female friends to look wannabe cool.
My mom was/is dating a crack smoker who she's pretty sure cheated on her, but "I don't like sleeping around and I know he's not going to hurt me, so I'll just use him for sex and not the relationship stuff" as if this is a huge punishment for him and not being rewarded for bad choices. This isn't even uncommon, I've seen so many girls talk about a guy in the worst way possible and name a dozen red flags but stay with them way longer than they should.
Oh no baby thats pure insanity being an active crackhead is very much a deal breaker for the sane parts of society. As for staying longer then they should I don’t know some people don’t even realize how crazy they sound or stupid they look when talking bad about the person they still in a relationship with💀
Sure, crack might be. But reminding someone of their abuse ex isn't. Seeing 11 red flags but liking their dick is a good enough reason to stick around. The crack thing is a bit extreme, but it's not a one off situation - I can name 4 girls in my life who've spent 6+ months with someone who was immediately a red flag to all of their friends, and they chose to ignore it until they were in a mental breakdown.
What are your preferred stretches/exercises for lower back pain? What works for you?
The 'bird dog' opposite arm and leg raise is a good one. Also 'cat and cow' stretch. Also, look up some methods for relaxing the psoas muscle.
Regular planking has been great. If I stop doing it regularly, my lower back will hurt. Building up core has been the most beneficial for me, we are all different.
Dead hangs
Honestly, I just bend backward a little to pop my spine, like multiple times a day. (Like doing the limbo) Hurts a little less, but I don't know if it's bad or not.
Drugs
Cocaine
I've been doing cat/cow. I'll add the others to my repertoire.
Do you suggest doing so now, or only after the pain has gone?
In a sandwich shop or burger joint where you order at the counter and pick up your own food, who gets the “tips”?
I hate that shit with a passion
Just don't tip. It's nothing more than charity that society shames you into.
Unless I'm escorted to a table, order from a menu and my food is brought to me, I don't tip
If you try to hunt down somebody to give a tip, you might be a moron.
We don't do tips here. We might have a staff travel jar but that's mostly for tourist who don't get the no tip thing and insist on tipping.
At my burger joint job we split the tips evenly between the crew members on shift.
We split tips between whole crew, normalize by hours
The people working the registers usually.
Same. Heard from someone once that the restaurant kept those tips and used them to support staff salaries and benefits. Didn’t pay the staff more than other places, and didn’t offer part time people benefits. So basically, just added income for the owner. If that’s what you want to do, set your prices accordingly.
Yeah, this is where I’m headed. If you don’t make waitress/waiter minimum wage I’m probably not tipping you anymore. I got pretty generous with this immediately post COVID, but I don’t think I’m going to participate anymore.
What would you tell to your best friend if you fell in love with his little sister?
It is awkward but if you've been a decent friend and not been like a scumbag he sold eventually be okay with it. Although I'd work on those hand crunch muscle things because he has all rights to crush your hand at least on a handshake. I dated one of my best friends sister's it didn't last long and now they can laugh at me together. And if it does go the full nine yards and he's your brother in Law you make him Best Man and talk about how he introduced you two.
I would just hide it until we’re about to get married like Chandler and Monica did to Ross in Friends
If you like pina coladas
This happened, we hooked up and he didn’t like it. I was very kind to her, but he couldn’t look past it and we are no longer friends.
I would think your best friend would be glad for you and for here. Unless it’s something creepy.
I would grovel and apologize to my best friend
I asked for permission once it got serious. His reply, (while laughing) good luck, I lived with her.
Yes being part of the family would be awesome but if problems jump out everything will be fucked. Isn’t too risky obviously isn’t love but only interest
Friends music starts
Only gin tonic
So is it too risky or not? She could be the love of your life but your bro can be YOUR BRO for whole life. Do you prefer a 50% of happiness or an all in?
Nono just a normal relationship, he wouldn’t be jealous?
And gettin caught in the rain
Jealous of what? 😭 That you like his sister and not him? 😭😭😭
Shouldn’t be. I made out with my best friends sister when I was younger. He never got mad. She’s like 7 months younger than I am. Her and I have always been close friends with the occasional kissing and what not when we were both single.
Maybe my bromance went too far…
What⁉️⁉️⁉️ what are you trying to convey stranger 😭
What city totally disappointed you when you visited it?
I’ve never been disappointed by a city because I never have any expectations. Usually leave a fan of whatever city I visit though. Coolest major city I’ve ever visited was Lima, Peru. Sad in a lot of parts of it but an amazing city overall.
Paris
Denver, surrounding nature is beautiful and it seems like a decent place to live but the city itself was boring. Museums, Botanic Gardens, Aquarium, Restaurants were all very lackluster and there’s not a whole lot of diversity
Diamond City
Liberty City
Nashville. The entire city is just bar after bar after bar. I thought there would be shopping, and theatres, maybe a couple decent musuems and some fun types of excursions. Nope. Nothing but booze. I'm not anti-alcohol, I like a good drink as much as anyone else, but that whole city is a waste of vacation.
las vegas and LA
i’m shocked to see this. I loved Paris when I went, why was it disappointing?
It's basically presented as the centre of culture, art, fine manners and class ... but it's just a crappy place inhabitet by rude people. And the whole place just feels so fake. I mean, "Paris Syndrome" is literally a thing that people suffer from because of this.
Yeah I mean, if that’s how you feel, that’s perfectly fine. I really enjoyed it and everything it had to offer.
How did you manage the first "ILY" in a new relationship, esp if you are nervous and a bit scarred?
True story: I was out for a walk in the woods with my girlfriend. Grabbed a daisy and did the “loved me, loves me not” thing. Came out as “loves me”. To this day, more than 25 years later, we still celebrate Daisy Day.
It usually takes me a little longer to love someone than average, so I'm never first, but that's ok.
I was thinking it constantly, and basically screaming it inside my head, but couldn't get myself to say it for a couple weeks. When I was finally ready to say it, like literally taking the breath - he said it 🤪 evidently I was also screaming it with my eyes haha
First "I Love you" Who said it first and when
He did. About nine months in. If he had said it any sooner I would have been offended. But we’re not children. We were young adults, and I was not looking for a puppy love relationship.
What do you believe is the best thing you can do when becoming an adult?
Take full control of your life. Be free in all areas.
Become independent and manage my own finances.
Less social media, less screen time, and be ok with cutting ties and saying NO.
Develop a strong routine and stick to it.
Do whatever i want without having to ask permission from my parents
Open a Roth IRA and other savings accounts
I wish it was easier for me to say no and cutting people off. I grew up to be a people pleaser and as much as I try to do it, I become guilty and become apologetic.
100% understandable. I was very much the same, and am learning how to do this. What's helping me is being aware of me and my space. Journaling helps a lot. Check in with yourself. Ya deserve it.
If you've been single, jobless and friendless for a while, how's life going?
Terribly, absolutely dreadful
I think you've just described Prince Andrew
Pretty bad I'm not gonna lie. Have a job again that sucks but it's better than nothing.
In the last 3 full weeks I’ve probably not drank 3-4 nights. Last night was 6 nights in a row
I’d like to die at this point
I was single, jobless and friendless in a new city on the other side of the country of where I’m from. It was pretty rough for years trying to get established but it’s all turned around in the end. I have a wonderful partner who is the love of my life. I have a job, albeit not a good one, but I’m working on getting a bette done. And friends? Sheesh! I wish I could cut a few from the team…. I can’t really keep up with them all. None of this is meant to brag, but to inspire. Hopefully some of you still struggling will read this and know it’s possible to dig yourself outta that hole. I know from experience how dark it can be down there but there are ways out if you try.
it makes me want to kms all the time.
it’s exhausting and depressing.
It sucks x3.
I feel completely useless and being alive doesn’t feel worth it
Well... I found a job, I guess...
I’ve never been worse. Things were going well a couple years ago, but now everything good has slipped away from me, and The girl I liked didn’t like me back. I’m now doing electro convulsive therapy as my last resort. If it doesn’t work I’m probably calling it quits.
Great these days, got clean and sober eventually. Started working again, got a job, got a room to rent, got a better job after a few years, started renting a flat. Started my own business, purchased my own house, met a woman really liked her, started dating, got engaged, got married been together all in all 13 years and still going strong and as long as I continue my recovery, experience shows me it will be ok. Started that back in 2005, homeless, jobless, without a £5 note to my name. Looking back 1st April 2005 was a date that I had made possibly the best decision in my life and that decision was to not score drugs and go and ask for help instead. Even though all I actually really wanted to do was end it all that day.
I’ll be happy to be your friend. Can’t help with the other 2 though.
What comes to mind when you hear the word patriot? What comes to mind when you hear the phrase good citizen? What comes to mind when you hear someone is described as American?
F29. Patriot : Brainwashed and Blind to worthless concepts Good Citizen : Someone who doesn't get in trouble, doesn't make trouble. It's good with their neighbours and people around, pay his taxes and stuff American : Religious and Gun fanatic. Loud. Obnoxious.Egotistical
I don’t need anymore answers for my brief, however, you’re still welcomed to comment.
Why is Patriot considered American in your mind? I'll be more of a linguistics response in the Anglosphere most English speaking countries don't have Patriot with the same connotation as what you expect. In most languages Patriot is synonymous with Nationalist. But for a unique reason America pretends it's nationalism is somehow extraordinary. If you want your goddamn A in class just translate Patriot and nationalist into French, German, Italian and Mandarin and explain why the word doesn't always have the American Mel Gibson movie vibe in every language
Hi please inlude age and gender. All the information will be used in a short brief for my Poli Sci course. I can send you the short brief if requested, when finished.
By far the funniest answer I’ve had so far. I will have fun using these in the brief, thank you!
Wow you're an absolute prick!
how do you know if your husband or lover is cheating on you?
They either start getting more distant or the complete opposite which is being very lovey cause they feel guilty or don’t want you to suspect a thing. Basically behavior changes
they are taking much more care of themselves in terms of grooming, looks, cologne, clothes, etc.
So self improvement is a sign of infidelity eh? Wild perspective.
what was an older game you only just played in your later years and quite liked?
Loved Baldurs Gate 2 and Fallout 2 as a kid, they were ancient even when I played them the first time. Never played the first games in those series until a couple of years ago. Yeah, they held up, though I could see where the sequels learned from the mistakes of the previous titles.
Gun from ps2 era. It was on sale on steam and I bought it. Awful graphics for today’s time but it was still a good story to play through. I think it got overshadowed because red dead came out shortly after it did.
"Ace Combat 6: Fires of Liberation." It came out somewhat early on in the lifestyle of the Xbox 360 but I didn't play it until 2016.
Played Streets of Rage on the SEGA growing up. Recently bought SEGA classics for the Switch and I’m obsessed with Streets of Rage 2!
Oregon Trail. Real old but fun
World of Warcraft. Got into little over a year ago and it’s one of my favorite games now
Anyone know why pussy lips change color?
blood flow. swollen. non-swollen.
Maybe your cat is rubbing its vaginal lips on beetroot
Transiently: Due to increased blood circulation in the area. Over time: Due to hormonal changes / aging.
Women come in different colors…so does their labia.
Maybe your cat is eating beetroot
Relax she’s just trying a new lip combo
Hormones and aging. Also friction can cause them to darken. Blood flow makes them more pink, but if you’re talking resting labia color, a lot of things can affect it.
Micro transaction
It’s like a mood ring.
I mean why are some pink and others brown?
Thank you
Thanks for the info
Haha very funny I meant vaginal lips
so they are not changing color then? you are just talking about genetics?
Oh, my thinking was like number of times having sex
oh, like after years of use and abuse?
I guess?
People of Reddit how to wake up at the same time consistently and feel refreshed ?
By going to sleep at about the same time, giving yourself enough time to sleep.
Go to bed earlier, leave your phone outside your bedroom
For the first thing, use an alarm clock and put it away from the bed. out of reach. For the second thing, go to bed earlier than you're doing now
Routine. Same bed time and same wake up every morning, your internal clock will adjust accordingly.
Force yourself to get up at the same time every day even if you’re tired and go outside for about 5 minutes to expose yourself to sunlight which will fix your circadian rhythm to help you get tired at the right time and wake up consistently at the same time in the future (my therapist’s advice)
What if it takes me forever to fall asleep ?
What if i can't wake up from my alarm ? I tried that before but i am a deep sleeper
Lots of great breath work you can do while in bed to help fall asleep. Here are some good habits to start if you want to sleep well 1. Turn off screens 1 hour before bed, or utilize blue light glasses. 2. Stop drinking and eating 2 hours before bed 3. Wake up at the same time every day - eventually you’ll get so tired that going to bed will become easy 4. Casually use melatonin if required 5. Workout in the morning
use multiple. and don't use your phone
How do you even start teaching a blind and deaf person to communicate?
Orally and visually respectively
I mean, like someone both blind and deaf
what is the best editing software that is free?
edit what? photos, videos, pdfs, audio?
If you're talking videos, probably DaVinci Resolve. Otherwise you're not saying what you want to edit.
A zombie apocalypse breaks out and the only items you can have on you are the last 3 items you touched. What do you end up with?
Two boobs and popcorn
A glass of wine, my phone and a vape. Great.
the computer mouse, the keyboard, and my phone
Revolver, joint and lighter. Not bad.
A glass of wine, my phone and my nose
My phone, vape and a massaging heating pad. I should be fine, right?
my phone, a bottle of irn bru and a pillow
Mouse, keyboard and monitor
Coffee, zyn and cellphone. Good grief.
Phone, PS5 controller and a coke bottle. I'm what some might call, Fucked 😅
Phone, toilet, cat
What's a near useless secret that you'd like the share with the class?
up up down down left right left right b a select start
If you could find a body of water large enough, Saturn would float. It's the only planet - rocky, gaseous, or otherwise - that's less dense than water.
In my early 20s I worked at a Kohls (dept store in the US for anyone unfamiliar). I was good friends with my coworker who eventually got promoted to department lead. And he eventually told me that he was making like $3 more an hour than the other two department leads who were both women, despite them both working there way longer than him and having more experience.
Wombats have cube-shaped poop - now live with this knowledge.
I destroyed the curve
Using some white won ton wrappers that had been fried to mimic tortilla chips, I constructed two towers with layers of refried beans and salsa, topped with cheese. These I heated before lashing with jalapeño Green Tabasco, garnishing with lettuce, and demolishing them with a spoon. The wreckage was hauled out of sight...gone in sixty seconds. A glass of cold milk put paid to the whole affair. The preceding story is not a work of fiction.
Hey /u/To42YT does this method of contacting you work? It said you don't take DMs or chats. Yeah, you can totally do that story if you want.
I worked in a swinging state in a non-partisan roll during the 2008 political campaign and the Hillary campaign basically cheated lied and manipulated everything in an attempt to win. It was so disheartening to watch that behavior. It was kind of cool to watch her lose though. Later on when she ran against Trump I wasn't surprised at all at the Publix backlash against her because Where is Trump is a monster Hillary Clinton was full on sketch also but wasn't actually a criminal as the big orange monster has turned out to be. I just hope my state splits off with California when that eventually happens in the next couple years. God forbid we get stuck with Utah.
The Woke community is ridiculous, they can't even agree with each other but Shhh or they'll get offended
Near useless!? No, no- the sacred Konami Code lives in our souls
What would be the consequences to our atmosphere and gravity path and everything?
I-... I-.. that's so... geometrical!
So....Stackable poo? I must investigate 😅
Alright, channel that inner Kali!
Very odd, I do recognize your name but I can't find you in my notes. I love to narrate what I asked but can you send me the link, I believe it was a 2SH and they get deleted off my spread sheet after 3 weeks.
I thought it was how to best orally pleasure a woman
I have no idea. Just one of those random facts I read somewhere - probably on a Snapple lid.
Depends on the woman, we're all different.
"the Earth would never survive this encounter with Saturn"
Earth, no. I just meant if you could find a theoretical cosmic bath tub or kitchen sink (as it were), Saturn would float.
What did you do to someone on purpose without even regretting it ?
I recommended them for hire, it went through, and now he's on my team. He is a solid Rockstar and I have zero regrets.
I had a buddy that I found out was talking to my girlfriend on Facebook messenger behind my back. She showed me the messages. Anyway, so one night we were all at a party I put his car in neutral and rolled it down a hill steep hill straight into a ditch. In hindsight, I shouldn’t have done it, but I still don’t feel bad at all. He was a POS. Otherwise I’d never do something so low.
Poured someone's drink on them in the bar I work at He was like in his 80s being really pushy to a 21 year old girl and her gf, it was there first time going to a bar He was like trying to grab them in crap and they were telling him to leave them alone and he grabbed the girls boob I was pissed already because I got in a fight with my bf So I just grabbed to cup threw it at him and told him to gtfo He started yelling at me and security kicked him out I got yelled at by my boss but I don't regret it lol
Spat in his food. Only did it once and more than likely never will again. I promise.. he deserved it. As a point to prove it, one time this man made an elderly, mentally disabled employee of his cry after screaming at him in front of some customers for a simple mistake.
When someone wants to pray prison ball… Pump fake, sweep the leg with your up-and-under
I managed to expel that bitch. She had been bullying me the home year, Karma just got to her. Wish I could have done the same with my other bullies.
Two chicks that had dumb looks in their eyes were asking me if this is the classroom they're exam occurs in. I said yes. It wasn't. Being even a bit late to that specific other-classroom exam meant you're not taking it that day.
A girl who bullied me in 8th grade talked smack about another girl (a "friend" of hers) in front of me, so I decided to rat her out. The fallout was absolutely hilarious lmao
I deleted their MySpace account
Love it ! You trusted your intuition and it worked.
How did you end up the relationship without letting him suspect you for crashing its car ?
I would 100% do the same. Proud of you girl, you nailed it. In my opinion your boss is just dumb, the aged man’s behavior was unbearable.
Bro sounds like he deserves worse
I still think you were too kind.
Not sure I understood, could you please give some details ?
By denouncing her ? Seems that you were just right.
Why did you do that to them ?
That’s fair. She talks so she has to assume that she can be exposed. You weren’t even bad for doing this.
Why ?
Easy. Just stop hanging out with him.
Lol to be fair I'm a dude so I'm surprised he didn't kick my ass, that's was my bosses reasoning for being mad, in his words "Your so tiny, one punch from that dude and you could have been knocked out, and if you hit your head and died, I'd be liable" So he had his reasons lol
With this mf yeah I was.
When someone wants to play really really physical and painfully aggressive in basketball, it’s sometimes known colloquially as “prison ball” So when anyone wants to get ratchet like that, I sweep the leg. To do this. I will pump fake the overly aggressive prison baller. This will get them in the air in a vulnerable state. There is an intermediate move in basketball called the up-and-under. It a reversal of a basic post move designed to get you an open shot vs aggressive shot blockers. However instead of using this move to go to open space and get the easy bucket, you use it get your head under and behind someone’s knee and use the motion of the up-and-under to topple them midair, usually leading to a pretty hard and nasty fall.
Uuuh, yeah no. I managed to get a friend fill how she hit me and I also gave the performance of my life. Worth it.
I had a crush on their significant other
Lmao so sorry, but love you even more for doing this! Dude was near to death like ??? 80s and still able to knock you out? No way Remains the same for me, proud of you dude
That sounds very technical but thank you sooooo much for the explanations! I thought at first that you were talking about the dodge ball 😭 but at the end, you teach him the hard way how to play nicely, which is what really matters. Such an entertainment though !
Lmao it was a petty revenge.
Lol I look like I'm 15, and this dude was a biker, no doubt he'd be able to kick my ass lol
It usually goes one of three ways. 1. He gets hurt, walks it off and thinks twice about his decision to choose the violence of prison ball. 2. He gets hurts, walks it off and plays like an even angrier person. Then beatings continue till attitude improves, a fight starts or someone takes their ball and goes home. 3. He gets injured and his day of balling is over, and I feel really bad. I wanted to hurt, not injure.
That’s…a very accurate way to describe it, yes. A satisfying petty revenge.
self-reminder, always be kind to you or I’ll end-up in pieces
What’s your opinion of parents sending their 4 year old to school with a shirt that says “birthday boy”?
This isn't on my list of things to form a thought about, much less an opinion.
If it's their birthday: Happy Birthday, birthday boy! If it's not their birthday: Making good use of the birthday shirt
Where are kids going to school at four years old? Also why is that wrong? When that four year-old gets older they'll be lucky if they have someone who loves them as much as the parents that did that awkward T-shirt.
If he likes that shirt and wants to wear it, I don't see a problem.
The child will do a fine job on their own of telling people it’s their birthday. Source: I met a child once
there’s nothing wrong with it.
Happy birthday dude!
Free cake alert system: Genius level parenting.
I’m more worried about 4 year olds in school and give zero ducks about them wearing birthday shirts.
It's fine as long as they send him to school wearing that shirt on days that aren't his birthday too. Later in life he may need people to not be able to just know what day his birthday is on.
Prison for the parents. Child needs to be apprehended by Child Services and given to a nice Mormon family.
Netherlands. At 5, children are mandatory to go to school, but pre-school care ends at 4th birthday, so most parents send their kids to primary school the day after the 4th birthday.
What subreddit would be interesting or helpful but doesn’t exist?
/r/helpigotsomethingstuckinmyass
One about how there ought to be an app to do X thing, but that app seems to not exist. Like for me I want an app that is just the camera app open and subtitles on the bottom. Subtitles from what people are actually saying. As far as I know, it doesn't exist. There's voice to text, but the text sticks around. It's no good for people who, say, have hearing aids that have dead batteries. I wouldn't even really need the camera to come on, I just want the text to be there for a reasonable time, then go away.
When you were in the wrong place at the wrong time?
Haven’t left my house since years son
- Was hit by a lady texting while I was walking in a crosswalk, broke my shoulder in two places, lost a front tooth, broke my nose twice. - Driving on a 2-lane road less than a mile from my house, drunk woman tried to pass a car and crossed the centerline directly into me. Wrecked my Jeep, broke my tibia and several bones in my hand.
In Serbia, on the same day, four events were happening: an F1 showrun, an officers' parade, a gay parade, and an anti-gay (family) parade. I was with my father at the F1 showrun, and we had to walk 2km because the city was closed. We passed by a few members of the LGBT population but avoided the crowd. We reached the large square/roundabout Slavija and there waited in hope for a bus. I was looking at my phone while my father saw five police vans on the other side of the square, and police vans full of officers in full gear were coming out. Suddenly, we heard "THEY WON'T BE WALKING" (referring to the LGBT group). Yes, those were the anti-LGBT people. We started to avoid them when the police directed them towards us. We went into a small street, hoping to escape through the back alleys. BUT THEN, ABOVE US WAS THE LGBT PARADE (also blocked by the police, so we couldn't pass). And there we stood between the LGBT and anti-LGBT groups, hoping that no one would see the others and that we wouldn't find ourselves in the middle. Fortunately, the anti-LGBT group passed, and we went 4km home (after 4 hours on our feet) on foot, just in case.
My uncle was out of town and said I could stay at his house while he was gone. So I invited friends over and we’re were smoking a whole lot of weed. The cops knocked on the door to serve my uncle papers. I had to go out there and talk to the cops smelling like a dead skunk with blood red eyes. I remember the cop asked me if I’ve been smoking that evening and I said nope I don’t smoke. They just said all right and left lol this was back in like 2009 when weed was still illegal. I thought I was in big trouble.
When I was at the altar on my wedding day back in 1989.
Man you are not bad driver but leave the roads pls
I've thought about going 50/50 with a friend on a sailboat lol
What are some pros and cons of sleeping with your colleague?
Cons: If the colleague gets attached, shit gets awkward fast. Take it from someone who had it happen. Pros: Work is never boring.
Married her. Mic drop.
“You have what we call autism”
You can do it at work when work sucks.
Don’t bang coworkers.
No cons, just positives! I did this and ended up marrying her!! We made out when cashing up as there were no cameras in the room. Got to close up the store at end of night which was also fun, just the two of us 😉😎. I never looked at my other workers desk the same after that.
This is true, i have to change jobs when Im the one who gets attached.
What’s it like being in a coma?
My dad was in a medical induced coma for 3 or so days and he doesn’t remember any of it. I would imagine that’s probably for the best.
Probably similar to how you sleep
What thrifty habits helped you save the most money?
Eating at home instead of eating out. Especially now a days.
Fr! Takeaways saves me tons on parking and gas.
Firefighters of Reddit, what are your favorite stories to tell?
I like to tell the morbid ones. I like to hear other morbid stories too. Another friend of mine that’s a firefighter has a morbid/funny one where this guy got scattered all over the road via an 18 wheeler. Everyone was calling him mark short for skid mark. I personally don’t partake in that type of humor but sometimes you have to so you can get through it mentally. I have a plethora of all sorts of stories if anyone wants a certain type of story.
Tales of epic shared suffering. Nothing quite like the experience of being in the shit to bond you
I’m not a firefighter so I apologize for answering. But I had a fun time with some firefighters while they cut my niece out of a baby swing that she had grown too big for. They told me that they are always happy to get fun calls like those :)
Who is a celebrity are you certain you could take in a fight?
Justin Bieber.
Martha Stewart
Stephen Hawkings
at least all the ones now dead, over 70 or under 14.
Michael Cera
Jenna Ortega
Ben Affleck
Danny DeVito. Unless of course he's the penguin. Then I would die very quickly
Toby Macguire Justin Long
i feel like i could beat up timothee chalamet LOL
Captain America evan ?
Imma crank this up a notch. Snoop Dog at his prime. I never want to fight the man, I adore him. I also know it would probably be a tough fight and even if I won I would be killed soon after. But I could take him.
I’d beat taylor swift 100%
Barbra Streisand. I'm sure I kick her ass 🤣
Dwyane "The Rock" Johnson
Ariana Grande
Vinnie Jones. I can do it again.
Any K-Pop idol They're malnourished to the point that one solid calf kick would cripple them
timothee chalamet, jesse eisenberg, michael cera, emma roberts, selena gomez
Hasbulla
Elijah Wood
Dustin Diamond, johnny depp, seth green, dan ackyd tom hanks adrian brody ice T, james franco jimmy fallon matt damon. Pierce bronson keanu reaves micheal keaton shi lebuf ice cube jake gyllenhall the dog bounty hunter leanardo decaprio, mckully caulken fred savage joe pesci ryan renolds paully shore howard stern chris rck ben stiller casy affleck
Probably Max von Sydow. Not that I ever would, I would rather fight myself.
Mike Tyson in his prime
Prison tough
Beat me to him
Deniro would take you
I would pay to see that.
He’s got that reach
She’s like that Mike Tyson Punchout guy, hit her in the nose
He told me he was going to make you his girlfriend
that's what gives me more street cred for taking her. she be an ex-con
Christopher Reeves
He do, and he's definitely scrappy, but if it's a no weapons fight then I got him in weight and power. I'm just gonna hope that he smokes enough that my reactions are faster too hahaha
Uh nu uh
Now he said he’s going to make sure you kiss him good with those big lips
Nu uh 😳
Those are actual quotes from him in his prime lol
Well I was obv joking that guy would whoop my ass 6 ways to sunday
What motivated you to move into a farm house or start your own garden?
To own acreage, have livestock, and be as self sufficient as possible.
Any website or book you suggest for newbies?
Wranglerstar on YouTube is a good resource, and the book The Lost Ways by Clyde Davis. Steven rinella and the MeatEater books are good and show you how to break down wild game if you are unfamiliar. Outdoor Boys on YouTube is another good one.
What was your worst cooking accident?
Was making cereals and accidentally stepped on a Lego brick.
I accidentally hit the "0" on the microwave twice without realizing it, putting my popcorn in for 23 minutes instead of 2:30.
Let a rum sauce boil over. And since it was a gas stove, all the boil over set on fire.
When I was a kid I one time put what I thought was sugar on my cereal. I took one bite and it was actually salt.
Accidentally put cinnamon in spaghetti sauce. It was so gross
It was some sort of two recipes in one from Rachel Ray. For some reason there was the recipe on how to make a seasoning salt mix that you only use a bit of above a recipe for fried chicken. It never mentioned flower and I was like 19, so I basically fried the chicken in salt before we realized what happened.
Mistook sugar for salt, cookies tasted like the sea's assault.
Once worked at subway and got a second degree burn on my arm by taking the bread out of the oven. Scar is there, just faded.
At least no unpopped kernels!
Whoops.. house still standing?
Haha. Lesson learned. Careful with white powder.
This is how great discoveries are made.. eventually. :)
Yes. Fortunately it ended up confined to the metal stove area. Burned on rum/caramel sauce isn't a fun cleanup though.
I'm sure the pan was a goner 😬
What's the first thing you'll do if tomorrow you wake up having change to the opposite sex?
Examine myself thoroughly
Play with my boobs.
Probably take a piss. That one is universal when you wake up.
Run and kick men in the balls with high spiky heels
Be extremely weirded out, confused and concerned
Do the helicopter
What if suddenly all movies were erased from existence but not from your memories?
glad I've been watching anime
My memory is awful so there'd be no more movies lol
What’s the best life hack you accidentally discovered?
Treat people the way you want to be treated. It ain't 100% foolproof but it makes life a fuck-ton easier in many situations.
Leaving clementine/mandarin peels overnight gives your fridge the best aroma and it’s natural
using a microfiber towel or the likes instead of a normal one for your hair.
Using lint to clean lint off of a clothes dryer filter
Step by step how can we perform the ritual of summoning you?
First the DA gets a judge to issue a bench warrant...
1. Put on "Pink Floyd - The Great Gig in the sky" on the background. Loud enough to hear it, not enough to blast the music. 2. make a round circle, with red rose petals. and enter said circle. 3. At the center of the circle, make a triangle, positioning 3 Glencairn Glasses. 4. Inside the triangle, put a bottle of Scotch Whiskey. 5. Take the bottle, and pour one measure into each glass. 6. When the song ends, I should appear. Tho be aware, the ritual must be performed in less than 4:48 minutes. If it's not performed in the allotted time, the ritual will fail
It sort of depends on which Aspect you want to summon. Wrathful me: take a new paperback book and break the spine by opening it and bending the front and rear covers together five times, then dog-ear any 12 consecutive pages. Joyful me: buy a board game with more than 500 pieces, open it and mutter “how the hell am I going to keep this organized?”
Say Türkiye 1453 times in a row :)
Step 1: Venmo my guest speaking fee $100,000,000. Restrictions may apply. That's it. Plain and simple. There is no Step 2.
Get about two dozen Maryland steamed crabs, some funny flirty people and a nice summer night on a deck somewhere overlooking the water. I will be there
Put a rack of spare ribs over hickory and repeat the following incantation over and over: “You want ribs?”
Ask about dnd stories, acquire a large group of kittens, and announce that you will accept my lack of social skills.
Wealthy people of Reddit, How did you make your fortune?
Most of it was generational wealth.
Define wealth
I sacrificed my freedoms and worked my way through college. Then I stayed in on weeknights and worked hard in my job and got tough tasks assigned to me which I completed successfully and eventually got to the top of the heap. I also didn't spend money on stupid crap and kept my credit report in line by not buying nonsense. And now my taxes pay for those view who didn't do that but have plenty of time to sit on here and complain about your life. Yeah I'm not bitter at all
By not spending more than I make.
If you been on a blind date,, how was it for you ?
It was nice. We didn't have romantic feelings for each other, but we agreed to be friends.
It was meh. She was nice, but we had zero in common and no chemistry, so we parted amicably and never had a second date.
horrendous. We had nothing in common, no chemistry, no nothing. I hate blind dates. People think they know you, what you like and what you might look for in someone, I have the opinion that in 99% of the cases, they are wrong. The only person to know what I like, is myself.
Who/what is the most evil character in all fiction and why?
Umbridge.
Well Griffith from Berserk is the usual Anime answer not for just being evil for pure evil sakes, but the absolute horrific betrayal was so far beyond Sociopathic it's mind blowing. And it's not a Spoiler, they tell you in chapter 1/episode 1 Griffith is the bad guy and Guts is on this insane John wick level rampage to kill him and the flashes back to what happened. In the world of Berserk humans can become demons by selling their soul or whatever with these weird tokens but there a special kind of Token that's Red and that means You're a candidate for like one of the 5 supreme lords of hell. Like your soul is so evil and corrupt Hell knows you'll make a fine addition to Rule in Hell and all it asks is every single friend, Loved one, anyone who ever cared about you to not only die, but be brought to hell for all eternity. There's no like oh the good friend nurse who looked after me when I was sick and she died she went to heaven.... Nope all the good souls you tricked into your life about caring about you they go to hell forever and the more good people loved you the more powerful you become .
oh my god.... oh my god .. I rewatched Order - Hallows recently as an adult.. and wow... the definition of cunt
Favorite moment? "Harry, tell them I mean the no harm!" "I'm sorry, professor. I must not tell lies."
I'm not remembering specific shit about Potter stuff... but I do respect the actress for making me hate her so bad, so I guess I'd say her entire performance... also ...didn't a giant (Hagrid's bro) ran off with her into the sunset ? obviously liked that... but the whole movie presence of Umbridge just invites hate from second 1 and that gets my praise
What was the strangest thing you dreamed?
They say you couldn't die in your dream but I did. I remember hiding in a room and having someone find me. Before they shot me in the head, I said the words "not again" in like a whiny tone. I got shot and I remember dying in my dream but I didn't wake up. I respawned instead. It was weird.
Tony Stark fighting the Power Rangers. He was not wearing his helmet, but was still able to kill/wound a few of them until I asked him where his helmet was.
Had a dream that I woke up in the dorm I lived in almost 10 years ago. My roommates (in the dream) told me it was all just a dream. Pandemic, my current relationship, grad school. All of it.
Mutant pigs like Beebop fro TMNT. Chasing me on some rusty oil tanker like 30 days of night. They were chasing me to make me do pornography.
Why Reddit so unkind to new user?
Why Reddit so unkind to everyone else? Also, how is babby formed?
Is it? I don’t know man. Nobody messes with me tho
Probably depends on the sub you’re dealing with.
It's a rite of passage. like hazing for a freshman. It happened to all of us too. don't take it personally. It's fun. You'll be doing it soon to others in about a month. These usernames and profiles don't matter. You'll be making hundreds of them and will be getting banned all the time too.
Dude. Reddit is reaming with trolls and assholes who think hiding behind a screen name gives them liberty to be total asswipes to others. Just ignore them and work with the non asshole types. This is no different than a school playground, maybe worse.
grow up!
Sent pix of bob.
Literally every sub I'm interested in has some requirement to join in conversations. Alot of these requirement don't make sense. Some I get like self promotions, but alot of the others stuff i don't.
My real issue isn't the people, everyone has a right to their opinions. it's the way the communities are so restrictive. You need to have X karma to join or start a good discussion. How do I get the karma if you won't let me participate in discussions I'm interested in?
Yeah, maybe that, but I think it's a system everyone has gotten used to, so when people who go through the system get the chance to create subs, they want everyone else to go through what they've been through. Because there are better ways to stop spam while encouraging engagement from new members.
That's real sad
This isn't about growing up. How can I find a conversation in a niche I'm interested in and I can't join in because I don't have enough karma. How do I get the karma if I can't even join the conversations to start with? Just doesn't seem to make sense.
If you comment a lot in this sub you can build karma.
ooohhh...lol. yea, right? That is so annoying. You are so right. It's just a way to get weed and filter out superfluous bots accounts/trolls, and to encourage more regular veteran and trusted account users. they don't need thousands of newbie bot accounts flooding the subs each day with junk comments, or influencing opinion or misinformation or requiring over moderation
Sorry. But there are some good natured people here too. Just don’t let the shit disturbing get to you.
Yeah thanks for that tip, but doesn't that create a different problem because now I have to mindlessly comment on posts I'm not remotely interested in just to build karma for posts I'm interested in. Isn't that basically spamming.
Make sense, but there are more sophisticated ways to weed out bots, also isn't reddit itself suppose to be dealing with that?
That’s a fair point. I just comment tho on questions that interest me.
> isn't reddit itself suppose to be dealing with that? oh man...every social media format has an infinite list of what they are suppose to be dealing with like 10 years ago lol.
What's your worst/weirdest experience with online multiplayer gaming?
FF14 entire party wipe, all 24 of us because I did a large heal before the tanks got hate. Just call me Leeroy.
If you could have a conversation with any inanimate object, which would it be and what would you talk about?
the earth. dunno, just like "hows the life going" or smth
A door of Airbnb. Surely it will crying about of how much times it did involved in a threesome
A redwood tree. I'd love to hear the stories an old redwood would have to tell.
What's one skill or technique you've mastered recently, and explain how it has impacted your work or studies?
Patience. As a teacher, I've learned how to be more patient when it comes to dealing with young/slow learners. I easily get annoyed and angry in the past but when it comes to teaching, you learn to understand someone else's situation and circumstances. Because of this, I've become more level-headed when dealing not just with my students but people in general. It's true that we can still run out of it but having long patience can really help yourself and others. It can help you in becoming a more understanding person and it helps others by not being scared and insecure when they need help and getting things wrong.
It wasn't something I discovered recently, but I always budget time to schedule and plan how I'm going to accomplish a task before I start doing it. Give it a couple days of thought and then stick to the plan. Works very well. Waiting to the last second and trying to do the bare minimum is an exact way of failing at something
Muslims, how's Ramadan going for you guys?
Good
Ramadan is basically fasting and putting extra effort in other forms of worship, if you do that really right you are a happy person with spiritual, mental and physical well-being. So yeah, Ramadan is going really well provided that you do it right.
pretty well
What do you think Jesus meant when he said the first will be last and the last will be first?
Equality. There is no differentiation in heaven.
He was just drunk again.
All the losers sitting in the back of the class will be millionaires
A better translation is "But many who are first will be last, and many who are last will be first." He was saying that all believers whether they had it easy or hard in life will be equal in heaven, i.e. don't expect your high position on Earth to mean anything in God's eternal Kingdom. Remember he was talking to a rich man who was asking what he must do and didn't want to give up everything he had to have eternal life.
It's like walking in circles
It refers to the fact that one’s position in this life does not give a person an advantage in gaining eternal life or salvation. Every time Jesus uses the phrase, the message is the same. It does not matter who we are in this world or what we have done. The rich guy is not gonna get any further ahead in the afterlife than the man who has worked his whole life as a Walmart cashier.
For those that live by Jesus’s teaching the most will be first (closest to Him). However those that neglect His teachings will be last (farther from Him) regardless of position/status/wealth etc in this life.
Those that place themselves on a pedestal will be in last place while those that humble themselves and serve others will be in first place. Not bad for a former Christian turned atheist, huh? Are you listening Christian Nationalists?
Christ is illustrating the Kingdom of Heaven’s economy juxtaposed to the earthly economy. He was condemning those who seek power and wealth in order to subjugate and abuse others and at the same time advocating humility, obedience and service. Those who are first in this life, puffed up, arrogant, abusive, defiant, dishonest, disobedient will be last in the Kingdom of Heaven. Those who are last in this life. Who are humble and kind, who generous, compassionate, patient and serve others…these will be first in the Kingdom of Heaven.
He is becoming an alcoholic
if i could turn water into wine id be wasted 24/7
Joel Osteen gonna be in for a surprise
You may be interested in researching the difference between "wine" and "new wine" in the Bible. There's a reason why everyone at the wedding in Capernaum was shocked at how different Jesus' "wine" tasted compared to the first stuff they served.
That whack job is just a conman.
I dont disagree at all
What happens if a family doesn’t put a dog down when they’re forced to?
I think it depends what circumstances the dog needs to be put down for.
the dog will likely suffer and die anyway
sometimes depends on the state i think. additionally circumstances and history are factors as well
Like if a dog bites a kid and the parent of the kid makes the other family put the dog down but said family refuses to do so
Not through disease, like theyre forced to by a judge after it bites a kid
In the US, they won't release the dog back to you and they will take care of the process
What year did you start using Reddit?
3029 in the Third Age, by the Shire Reckoning
187 B.C.
The year of 5 days ago
Almost 16 years ago.
2023
I think 2018
Only about five years (my first account got banned last year after quoting a famous Reddit post, bizarrely). I started using FARK in 2000 but for some reason it took me a long time to give myself over to Reddit.
2023. I’ve had loads of accounts already. This one is only one day old
August 10 2019 I needed something to survive school
Actively? This year 😂😭
I have to count my cake days?!!!
In my first year of using it.
Whatever year was 125 months ago.
2013
I started using it in like 17 but I didn't make a account till 2022.
Back when dinosaurs roamed and dial-up was the hype.
Lmaoo dead
Cmon lol
Ohhh
Wow
Deep
Not bad
So u submissive lol
Okayy
Glad u survived
So u had an account years back
I’ve only pretty recently learned how to do this as well
I deleted my original account and in December 2019 created a new account which is this one.
Graduated now. Would not recommend
I created it last year but was not mentally prepared to learn how to use it ☠️
How? Lol
Put to of  at the start and end of the text you want crossed out
What sort of partner will only have sex with you unless they’re out their mind on cocaine?
An addict
Which one's out of their mind on blow? The guy or the gal? Or, maybe a better question to ask first is is this a heterosexual, gay or poly partnership? And, yes, this matters.
An addict, once you cross the line into full addiction, Cocaine lights up the same part of the brain as sex and also hyper magnifies fantasies, I would imagine it's all about fantasy role play and boundary pushing, in the end you don't know if it's the coke fuelling the sex or the sex fuelling the coke. Either way a period of abstinence is required on both in order to reset.
A coke whore
Make a wish sex be hitting different
One you shouldn’t be with
The wrong sort
One who isn’t really your partner.
Alternatively: someone who doesn’t want to have sex but forces themselves to when drugged up to feel/remember less
What’s the strangest colour that ever came out of your body?
One time when I was a kid I ate 3 expired blue raz advils on an empty stomach and ended up throwing up bright blue into the bathtub
Had mono and my pee was dark brown. Nothing gets your ass to a doctor faster than dark brown pee.
Crisp Lime Green, it was me pee and I looked like ginger ale with mint.
Once I pissed black. Not a strange color but a strange color of piss.
In the midst of a kidney stone episode, I peed the brownest brown sludge. Efn miserable.
I was on a medication once that changed my urine to bright orange. In the warnings it said it could also turn tears and sweat orange as well.
Teal turds because i drank 2 cases of Mountain Dew Liberty Brew
Those whoppers with black buns turned my poop the most interesting shade of green.
I pooed bright orange once.
The problem is you ate it on an empty stomach, gotta be more careful there buddy.
What's that one time you would want to build a time machine and go back to repeat something you absolutely enjoyed?
I’d go back to 2017 when I was heavily hyper fixated on the dolan twins and editing. Truly the last year I was happy.
Quite the opposite actually, speedrun death.
20/3/12. Tho I don't want to repeat it "in first person". I want to still have the memories of doing it for the first time, and then being able to enjoy it for a second time, being more "present" in the moment, It was during a concert of Roger Waters The Wall Live. I unfortunately wasn't paying too much attention. I was focused heavily on trying to record all the thing, so memories from that even are somewhat shady.
What is the best place to go to for a first date?
the crater of Mount Vesuvius
Is pound town still open?
Graveyard sounds dope
The Zoo.
Somewhere where you two can talk.
KFC I’m not just saying this bc I’m black
Play ground in a safe neighborhood. Swinging on a swing is fun no matter the age.
B-Dubs
Library
Mini golf
To a bakery/local coffee shop. Chance to get to know each other in an open, public place, cheap, low pressure.
Coffee Shop  Bar  "layed back" restaurant. The focus on a first date it should be on talking to each other. on a comfortable setting, preferably sitting down. Don't go to arcades, don't go to mini golfs, don't go to the cinema, don't go to the park, and definitely don't do a "walking around" date.
Your mom’s house
Sushi. Both will know how much you resist to fish flavour so both will know how much they have to wash themselves
It is at my asshole
Jason, they must miss you in Jacksonville.
Went there yesterday with my girlfriend. $12 for parking, $24 per adult for entry. $40 for lunch and $18 for two icees. Next time I go I will need to take out a second mortgage.
if you're actually black and you made that joke, much respect
It’s not a joke tho
you saying " not because I'm black " is a small joke that pokes fun at the evergreen stereotype
If you could invent a magic potion, what would be it's effects?
anything they wish as soon as it happens a slow painful death
The potion would turn me into Shrek. Don’t judge me.
Potion of Healing. I wanna know what full health feels like.
Your body would become strong and mind would become wise for 1 hour.
Obviously spitting fire. I would pass entire days cooking sushi in front of people
It would be a potion of courage. So I could do all the shit I'm too afraid to.
Instantly charges your phone to 100% - never search for outlets again.
Magic potion for conventional attractiveness.. so many fucking losers are evil pieces of shit because girls are like " bleaarggh " when they see them
Judges you
What makes your SO so significant to you?
She is the one person that truly gets me and understands every part of me.
I know that nobody else would put up with me. Haha!
What would you do if today was your last day on earth?
Find a new home for my kitty.
If it was the last day only for me? There would not really enough time for me to go see my family so they better come to me. I guess I'd have sex with a cute guy, do a bit of weeds and low dose shrooms, eat very well, listen to my favorite music, and meet the end, hopefully in a nice warm hug from my dad. Oh, and tell my family not to be sad before the end.
High class prostitutes, barrels of spiced rum and a frightening amount of cocaine
Tell everyone I love how very much I have loved them, even if I just told them yesterday.
Exactly what I'm doing right now. Hanging out with my dogs.
Hug my family, and sit with my mom until it was over.
5 kilos of hash on a rocking chair and smoke until I'm blind
Suicidebomb Putin
Lots of cocaine and wild sex
Give my everything to poor people.
I'd try to wrap up a few things at work.
Depends on if it’s just mine or everyone else’s as well…. Mine? Get hammered Everyone’s? Get hammered with friends
Go to sleep
I would buy whiskey, cigars, sit on an armchair and watch the sunset
probably eat a whole pumpkin pie with whipped cream all by myself
Spend every second of the day with my family and loved ones
there’s two types of people in these comment sections people who wanna say bye to their families, and people who wanna die in a fiery ball of flames
Tell as many people as possible I’m going to space tomorrow.
Turn off my alarm for work
Go to my mom's and spend it with her
Pack my bags. Where we heading?
Have a nice cup of tea looking into the woods
Do what I do every day. Live like it's the last, but not in an extreme way. Just tell people I love them, trying my best to be a good person, eat nice food and take some pictures That's it
Surround myself with my loved ones.
I'd sneak me and my husband into Yorkshire Wildlife Park and snuggle all the animals.
A lot of psychedelics
Have a good breakfast with my family and spend the day at our favorite beach, and watch the sunset.
probably not worry about the shit im worrying about cus it wont matter 😃
I guess I’m on Reddit
Couch potato.
Steal my dad’s oxycodone
Is this horrible? Y'all tell me. I'd pop a Molly, and then I would make all four of my toddlers get into bed to snuggle with me while we talked about pointless things.
I would take up smoking again. No reason not to.
I always assume it IS my last day on earth, so I guess what I normally do. But with a corned beef sandwich in my hand at all times.
Go to Blizzard HQ and kill anyone
Take a nap
Sorry. Already have plans
"Bye mom, I'll write to you from Mars!"
I would try to work up the courage to write a note to the cute girl I saw walking her dog a couple of years ago.
kms. might as well go out on my own terms
Go skydiving, I really want to do it but I have a fear of heights and I’m afraid I’d get a heart attack from it 😂
I had the opportunity to experience this on the potential crash landing of a plane. The attendants kept screaming prepare for impact and put your head down between your legs. I just sat up and looked at all the fire trucks and said to myself I want to see how I’m going to die. Turned out to be a bad bulb on the landing gear .
crank the hog
Heroin
Order a pizza and get a pack of smokes and say to hell with my health issues.
Die
Delete my porn, call my mother and sister (not my brother). Then, time permitting, I'd get drunk and go into VR. I'd want to die while in VR.
I’d say thank you to everyone who helped me get sober and saved my life. Then I’d get absolutely hammered
Take 2 melatonin
Lots of illegal substances
Go outside find a nice patch on the ground and sleep.
FBI is watching.
Sleep
Drink and smoke all day.
Go see my S/O
Celebrate
I'd tell my ex-boyfriend how much he broke me
steal a car and get on the news by driving 200 over the allowed mark. (5 stars irl im coming)
Acid
Probably have a heart attack or something. That's generally what causes premature death, right?
If only
write my manifesto and get hammered lol (if I knew it was my last day), otherwise, cheesecake and margaritas all day until splat.
My wife.
Just go home and be with my family
Whisky and revenge
I’d get me some potent opiates and enjoy my last day very much
Go say everything to my ex-husband I was too timid to say to his face when I left his sorry, cheating ass.
Sleep sounds on youtube
be with my family and cuddle with my dogs
Tell my parents I love them and they are the most important person in my life.
Cry.
Mdma, LSD, cannabis & your mom!
Call my mom, say goodbye. Spend the time with my wife. Then go to bed high off my tits on looooots ot drugs.
Call my family and hug my cats.
Get a hooker
Leave and go to the next Planet.
Eat everything I’m not supposed to and get drunk
Molly
Indulge in acquiring knowledge
Celebrate
Get my wife pregnant.
Narcotics
If I woke up today knowing it was my last day I would clear my browser history, go spend quality time with my dog, have a nice meal, and the get ready for the long nap
Damn I've got two and a half hours left. But then the question was today so it could happen any time today... oh too late
I'd go on a long hike with my dog, go to my favorite Korean place for dinner, buy some sweet wine and a pack of spirits, and then spend the rest of the day on the phone with loved ones smoking and drinking on the porch with my dog. I have a lot of student loan debt so nothing will be gained from my death except a few sentimental items my friends may want and the best elderly dog one could love.
Hookers and blow
Spend the day committing random acts of kindness.
Play music on max volume, scream, find the strongest smelling thing I can find since I can't smell (dead bodies sound like a good idea), burn my retinas with most light I can expose my eyes to for as long as possible, drink too much water- to the point of water intoxication, eat anything and everything (inedible too), possibly eat a piece of my skin, sit in Seiza til it all goes away. Or y'know, keep the act and just sleep it though.
epic long bicycle ride edit: it's a good touch of irony, like "the king is dead, long live the king!" but with exercise and health: "welp I'm about to leave earth, time to go outside for a good exercise and appreciate earth"
Drugs.
Say my goodbyes, then go railfanning for one last time (but it will be all day), and hope to find some good catches.
Probably cry hysterically because I'm going to die a virgin
die
Spend time with my mum and dad
Go visit my ma and her cats and watch together a comedy :)
Dinner with friends, time with my cat. The usual
Well, today was my dog’s last day on this earth. He had a stroke in the backyard and died within the hour at the vet. No signs it was imminent. Total shock. Brutal. Hug who you love, spoil the ones who deserve it and just try to be happy. It’s tough out there. Good vibes to you all.
Fight my enemy and take a nap and call it a night or I mean life
If today was my last day and tomorrow was too late, I could say goodbye to yesterday. I’d live each moment like my last, leave old pictures in the past and donate every dime I have. I’d call those friends I never see, reminisce old memories and forgive my enemies.
Probably just hang out with my family and hang out with my girlfriend then just tell them I don’t want you to see me when it is done. I’ll probably just be playing eafc then pass away in my chair
Honestly, Ngl i wouldnt know what to do
Have a few beers whilst watching An American Werewolf in London.
Find a nurse to inject me with LSD and DMT LOTS OF IT.
I have a library book that is WAY overdue.
Same thing I'm doing now... making candied bacon pancakes with homemade hash browns and watching my favorite show!
Give my entire inheritance to my love other than enough for a quick meal and a sunset.
It’s dark here so assuming this is it: I had a good one. I looked after both babies for a while, then took my dog out, then took my daughter out who had a very good morning. My son joined us and it was his first time walking on grass. I walked to my job as a tour guide and performed more than admirably. Came back to my darling family and have just finished Indian food. If I should have a last day ever I’d want it like this
Get inebriated and stream all my favorite music til I passed out permanently
pray to god to forgive me
go dragon hunting
Absolutely nothing
Make it an accidental death so my family would get some money
Have some beer, a pizza,and have sex with my wife. Then watch the sunset with my wife and daughter
Lol ppls answer's are crazy. Id probably buy all my favorite foods, drinks/ soda as i dont drink anything with alcohol. Chat my few favorite friends watch few movies with my dad them go to sleep happy.
Sleep till death.
Where am I going? I may need to pack.
Eat a shit ton of pizza
I would draw, paint, and write everything that came into my mind, knowing it was the last record of my life on earth.
Spend it in the sun with my wife and kids and try to laugh with them as much as possible
Hop on my boat, sail out to one of the local bays, drop hook, pour a scotch, and watch the world go by while lounging in the hammock.
Eat a corn dog. I don’t really know what I’d do, especially because I’m sick right now. I don’t have the energy to do anything.
Move to another planet
I would eat as much gluten as possible. No chance of gastrointestinal cancer when it doesn't have enough time to develop.
Spend it with my grandson at Disneyland.
Visit my family and friends, tell stories, eat good food. GET DRUNK AS FUCK.
call all my friends, hang out with my family, probably do something i never got to do nah jk i would be playing geometry dash all day
Panic i havent finished all my books
Take the wife and two kids out to a beach for a swim and food after
I'd troll all my friends so they'd be super confused later lol
Be with my boyfriend. At that point just propose already.
Hug my mom and tell her “I love you”
Rot away in my bed like I always do
Have a smoke and a poke
Spend time with my friends... I've already had an ungodly amount of sex... I'd want to spend it the people I love
Do my best friend
Pretty much what I do everyday, drink myself to sleep.
First, I’d buy a towel. Then, I’d say goodbye to my friends and family. Finally, I would try to obtain a small yellow fish.
Probably die, cause you know, it's my last day
Probably be working...
I got 5 on it!!!
For what reason is it my last day on Earth?
Empty bank accounts, drive to the lakeside, and spend the day doing whatever. Check into a hotel and die there.
Wouldnt change a thing. Had my family at the house and spent time with my parents, sister, SO and my kids. Laughing and doing activities all day.
Start doing my research on what it's like to live on Mars.
I'd do a lot of meth and then I would commit multiple murders and make my last day on earth also the last day on earth for a lot of people who make me angry.
Naaaaa you gotta go out with positive energy. I would probably go somewhere quite and get drunk and high AF and try to go to sleep.
jump off a bridge into water and probably go streaking or something
if today was my last day i would type a memoir of wisdom and knowledge, email it to my husband and tell him have it be published for our kids.
Have the family over for a very nice meal and drinks followed by jam sessions and dancing.
honestly, I think I'd say goodbye to my cat and a few friends. then get dressed up in fancy clothes for the hell of it. I'd take my headphones and blast music cos its not like hearing damage would matter and go for a long, long walk until the end.
Be happy and fuck a bunch of guys in their 20s and eat good food
Kill myself
Just be with my family (and try to secure a stash of morphine).
Spend it with my kids. And take one last walk in a park or the countryside.
Catch a flight to go see my sister and we just hang out in her pool, floating around with bottomless Moscow Mules in hand.
Splurge and treat myself
Every drug all at the same time and leave this earth already in the sky
Buy a pack of cigarettes and smoke em
Go on reddit
Take a shite on my bosses desk.
Head for the beach listening to my favorite tunes. Write a little note for everyone I love. (I am too selfish to spend my last day listening g to them cry.) Drift off to sleep listening to the waves and hoping to make sense of it all in the great beyond.
Hope I die crying in sajdah or just while praying
Go to bora bora over water island huts for sure!
I will kill the boy I loved so that he may be mine forever, and I will not be afraid that anyone will take him from me ><
Play video games, probably
We are going to party like there is no tomorrow! Tell everyone I love them so much. One last game of Uno with my friends and getting drunkkkkkk and getting the best food. I am blowing my bank account lol
Get high and go to the dog park
Die
I’d spend every minute with my husband and kids.
Gonna go to the least place a normal person would choose. Hug him so tight and say I love you to him in person. ☹️
Hugging my family and telling them all how much I appreciate all the love and for putting up with my crazy ass my entire life.. make sure they know how much I love a care for them!
ask that girl out at least to see if shed say yes
Celebrate
Spend it with my daughter.
Eat a grilled cheese sandwich
I would call my girlfriend and tell her how much i love her, then eat some foods i love. Then walk to a shop buy orange juice and my favorite monster and sit down in park enjoying the air. I would write a goodbye letter on my laptop and try to see the city one last time. Seeing some marks and the streets. Buy special monsters that hard to come by. The as the day wind up i would call up my girlfriend again (if i lost my cellphone power to that time) and talk about that i am going to die but try to calm her and let her have everything she want in her life, marriage, kids, wealth, power, anything she wants i let her to do as i rest easy to know she was there for me. I would tell her if either go to heaven or Hell i will forgive her if she choose to live her life with breaking her promise. Then as i slowly approach my death i would say i love and then i am sorry i couldn't give you a better life together. I would take a last sip from my energy drink and i would wait my death.
Stare at trees, be with nature. Be at peace.
probably go back to bed
say i love you again
Talk to my children until the last second
Live it
Talk to my family
Say goodbye to yesterday Live each moment like my last Leave old pictures in the past Donate every dime I have Call old friends I never see Reminisce old memories Forgive my enemies Find that one I've been dreamin' of Swear up and down to God above that I'd finally fall in love
It’s 23:45 pm here. Probably just sleep for the last 15 minutes
Sex
TheRapist
Go for a hike with my gf and dog to somewhere really cool
Save the country from Joe Biden.
Take pain pills throughout the day to keep me in a better mood. Get brunch. Wear something cool from a thrift store. Hang out in the French quarter eating beignets and having coffee. Then spend my night in bed with clean sheets and blankets and comfy clothes. Writing notes in my journal to everyone I love.
Try to tidy up some things. Get rid of the shoebox under my bed, the coconut near my desk, maybe take out the trash and dump my browser history. After that? hookers and cocaine.
Tell everyone i hate how i really feel about them and why. No need to be civil if im about to die.
Clean out my closet.
i would tell everyone i ever thought of as handsome or pretty that they are just that <3
I’d finish getting ready for my trip to mars.
Cough and be sick. Because im fucking 😷
Kiss my loved ones, get comfortable on my couch with my dogs by my side, and listen to lullaby by the cure. Wait for 12 AM. I would be happy, not satisfied, but happy.
Be grateful for the time I had.
Go buy a pack of smokes
Probably cry in my bed
Would go play basketball with my son and tell him I love him. Same thing I do every day.
Just say f this and kick my boss in the junk and leave work to spend time with my boyfriend in Quebec Canada
Fuck
I'd probably do heroin. Never done it before, never really intend to, but if I'm on my way out I'd give it a go.
Sleep time💤💤💤
Pray to Jesus and God!
Spend time with my wife and kids and say goodbye to my siblings. I used to laugh at people who’d say that but now I know it’s the best plan.
Cuddle with my rats
Spend time with my husband, parents, and siblings. Probably have sex (with husband). Cuddle my cats. Then figure out which family member is going to inherit the cats.
Eat some good food. Probably play some music. Set a nice Ambiance for myself.
Hug my daughter tightly and tell her how much I love her. Then a courthouse wedding with my boyfriend. Edit: grammar
Trip down the memory lane to convince myself that I had a good life…
Be on Reddit. 🤷
Be happy about it
That’s enough time for me to give my money away and say I love my loved ones. Then I’m going to eat and take a nap.
Maybe heroin, just to see what it's like without having to worry about it ruining my life. Plus the come down is probably so bad that death would be quite welcome.
Not much to be honest. I gave about 52 minutes until tomorrow so
Make love to my partner first, then spend the rest of my day with him and my boy. I'd maybe write them letters for future birthdays and things.
Probably pack. It’s a long trip to mars.
Get tripped as fuck on mushrooms. Like, completely-lose-my-grip-on-reality tripped.
Kill someone - publically humiliate them for hurting me
Tell all my people how much I love and appreciate them. Cuddle my cat as much as he’ll let me. Get high and watch the X Files. Probably use every sex toy I have. Then go to bed and enjoy being cozy on my heat pack.
Use the n word
Get on my knees and thank God for my life.
I don’t have the energy to do a god damned thing today.
Bit late to tell me... only an hour left.
I will make it quicker
I'd definitely get one or two expensive ice creams
Cry of happiness and dance
id listen to "Dream Sweet in Sea Major" over and over again
And tomorrow was to late could you say Goodbye to yesterday
Probably waste it tbh
Die in front of my classmates while I waste my time as always because I have no purpose in life.
Listen 2 the GOAT JAY-Z, fuck, drink, eat, game, watch fav shows/movies.
"ANY% DEATH SPEEDRUN: NOT CLICKBAIT!!!!"
Since I have no children.. Id probably put all my savings into a college fund for my nieces and nephews Transfer ownership of my valuable belongings to my family My clothes and all that other unimportant stuff can go to goodwill or something
Is Popeye's open?
Depends. Is it MY last day on Earth, or is it the last day OF Earth? If the former, update my will to make sure my effects go where they'll be best used/most appreciated. If the latter, spend the time with my mum and dad before the world goes bye-bye.
Sit with my son and my mom, dad and sisters. Listen to some Michael Jackson and then die.
Id probably find a new home for my cat, make sure my affairs were in order then assassinate all the corrupt politicians in my country
Just die
Head back down to my parents to hold my dog
I'd probably steal a horse and go for a ride
Just live it like another normal day.
Spend all day listening to that one Nickelback song
Get all my things in order for my husband and little one while despairing that the baby I'm carrying will never be born. Yeah, not a fun game.
Hang out with my dog. He's the only one who wouldn't understand.
Cook/eat with my loved ones, walk in the sun, get lucky, drink a beer at sunset.
Some of these comments actually make me feel sad/touched 🥲
Hug my family and have a family day one last time
Considering that it's midnight here in Italy while I'm on vacation, I'll drink a lot of the caffeine I can and visit all of the sites in 24 hours.
Given the fact it’s 7:31 pm die I guess.
Hang out with my dogs, eat good food, say goodbye, make sure my final moments are peaceful and painless.
Tell the girl i love my feelings and then go to bed
Tell my angry wife that I love her, and tell my son to get a job.
Same thing I do everyday.
Scroll through Reddit.
Sleep through work
Find a nice hooker for a good time and finally finish Final Fantasy VII
Nothing much, I guess maybe try to lose my virginity, then drive out to a calm place with no electricity so I can gaze up at the skies until the day is over.
Have a panic attack and not be able to think about anything else other than the fact that I'm going to die soon. I would try desperately to think of anything else and be scatterbrained with what I should do.
I'd probably write down everything I've ever kept in. If it was only MY last day, I feel like I'd want everyone to know these seemingly little things really influenced the path of my life, whether positively or negatively. This sounds "manifestoish" as I reread it. It's not intended to be. Just like, "Hey, Dave. Your burgers ruled. I made my burgers like yours, and people also enjoyed them. Now they think those are my burgers." On a much larger scale.
Play Minecraft all day. Why not?
Probably pack, I never know what to bring to a new planet, then I overpack but still end up with like 12 pairs of socks and 1 pair of underwear.
I’d like to say praise God fervently. I can’t imagine I’d handle it well tho tbh. Thank God today isn’t my last, at least that I’m aware of.
I’d reach out to my few friends, leave letters for my family, and write down my passwords for my bank accounts. If I finish all that with time, I’d take a nap and wait for my time to end
Set the parakeets in my greenhouse free, and find someone to take my cats in, assuming this isn't an extinction level event. If it is an extinction event, I'd probably just chill with my pets all day taking in all the cuddles.
Snuggle all day with my kids.
Live every second to the fullest.
Spend it with my daughters and gf
Eat til I can’t eat anymore
Nothing. Kiss my kids and tell them how much I love them.
I would go buy the best ring I could afford and get eloped with my girlfriend. We have an 8 month old daughter and I’ve been saving for a specific ring, but if it was my last day, I’d make sure she was mine and I was hers forever, even if she moves on she’d still be mine.
Talk w my mom n my family n tell them to forgive me abt everything n im gonna donate all my money to poor people n im gonna pray to god😓
I’d eat whatever the fuck I want and multiple food intolerances be damned. No payback tomorrow, yippee!
Take a nap. Fuck it.
Hug my husband for the whole day
Depends on whether I am leaving for the Moon or Mars.
Fucking celebrate
Kill someone, let's see if hell is real. 😂🥴
Take a nap
I'd want to spend it will my husband, and step kids. I'd especially want one on one time with my birth son. Also, snuggles from my animals.
I assume the world is ending if so smoke n chill
be getting prepared for my spaceship flight.
I’d leave work, pick my daughter up from school & my husband from home, and go to the beach
Celebrate
Call the bondi lifeguard tower and spill to the lifeguards about how they impacted and saved my life. I would but it’d wrack up a nasty phone bill and i wouldn't want to take up space for the actual emergencies
Get laid by my hot coworker
Cry
If I was calm enough (because calm in this scenario is way more cool): Grab some frozen pizza (because who’s cooking at a restaurant on their last day), beer, and a lawn chair and watch the sun go down around a fire. Listening to Knockin on Heaven’s Door on repeat
Take a bath. I shower everyday, but I haven’t had a bath in 10 years. I’ll take a nice bath with hot water while letting the shower 🚿 pour at me
Nothing else than I do every day. Aka - I did my bucket lists 10 times over. I have my will in order. My insurance policy as well. Every day is a +1.
I’d be mad that I wasted it cleaning and organizing the pantry! 🤣
ask for an advance on my paycheck and buy 8 nukes
Finally respond to all my unread mail!
I would call as many folks as I can to tell them how much I love them and why they are important to me.
I'ma go to sleep
Take a bunch of 🍄🍄🍄 and smoke 💨💨
grab a towel
Spend it with my nephews and nieces.
Prepare for the crazy intergalactic adventure I’ll obviously be having!! How will I be leaving earth? Spaceship? Teleportation? Something I cannot possibly understand?
Die
Sleep, that’s a problem for future me.
Be with my kids and cats.
If i knew I only had hours to live, I wouldn’t be able to enjoy one moment of that time.
Make sure my wife can properly access the server where our pictures are stored. Show her where the important documents are stored. Get her up to date on financial stuff. Then just have the best possible time with her and our daughter with the time left.
Tell people then lay in bed and go on tiktok
call my mom both to say goodbye and tell her where important stuff is. i'm out of town, not gonna waste my last day on earth driving for most of it
Sorry I would revenge all the wrongs done to me.
Hold my daughter all day.
Beg for an extension-- let me see the exlipse.
Get busy dying
I would make phone calls to everyone I know, and ask a couple people to spend the day with me and write a list of all my passwords, accounts, and hidden things (money, journals etc). I'd pray a lot, and maybe spend all my money on good food, and go to the biggest zoo/aquarium I could possibly go to. also literally hold my cat the whole time. I'd also make sure to take lots of pictures and leave some of my things around for people to find naturally and hold onto if they wished.
Ps5 and a nice bottle of whisky
Sit by the creek by my house and thank my friends for everything.
it depends - am I shipping out with Starfleet in the morning? Then I'd stand up my date (who will look like Michelle Phillips when she's mature) at a French bistro.
Fly to sfo to pick up one kid, fly to Virginia to get the other, then go get ice cream
Take out as many Influencers as I possibly can
Looks at time, sees 23:49 L Moment
I’d do Mdma again
reconcile with my dad, i dont hate him just hate who he turned into but i like to think he still loves me somehow someway
I’d try so hard to have a next day with my kids.
I suppose I would ask Rebecca out.
Spend every last second with my wife.
I’m with my family rn, I’d just spend time with them after finishing a few final animations
Record this freaking album! I don’t care if it’s trash, I won’t be there anymore.
Go to bed happy and early
Make a tinder profile and lose my virginity
Depends. Where am I going?
Well, what's going to happen? Am I being abducted by aliens? A one way ticket to Mars on a rocketship? Interdimensional portal sends me to Counter-Earth? Your question suggests I'm not dying, just leaving....so depending on why I'm leaving my answer might change.
Oxycodone, probably
spend time with my mom, find a new mama for my 3yo kitty, and just lie under the skies for a bit before it's time.
Saying I love you to everyone and meditating
Idk probably drink myself into oblivion and go out on my terms.
Die
Move some money around to make it easier for my wife to access since I doubt she remembers the brokerage account password, record some videos for my sons to watch as they get older, other than that nothing different. Probably wouldn’t have ordered some books from Amazon this morning.
The same thing I do every day. Try to take over the world!
Tell my ex and our 3 children and 10 grandchildren how much I love them.
Eat so much cheesecake
Two chicks at the same time, man.
Write as much of my comic as I can. I don't care if the art is good, but I want it to be as completed as possible. Then, upload the script online.
I would have to go to school 😭
Hang out with my close friends and family. Record a video for my kids telling them how much I love them and how being their father was the greatest accomplishment in my life.
Eat a poutine, and my poppas mac and cheese one last time. Spend as much time as I can with my son. Make a video of our memories together with a message of me telling him that even if I’m not here, the love I have for him will never leave.
I'd want to go to a place where I could be surrounded by nature. I'd want to feel the sun on my skin, and the wind in my hair. I'd want to listen to the birds singing, and the trees rustling. I'd just want to be at peace.
My last day would be an adrenaline-fueled adventure. Skydiving, bungee jumping, and pushing my limits to experience every thrill life has to offer.
Kill like 4 people and kiss my crush. In that particular order. Then I might have a papa Johns pizza and play through Undertale one more time.
Lose weight.
Take a steak knife and start to murder people, I’d probably also steal a car and run over some pedestrians.
Eat gelato probably and be happy that my misery is about to end.
r/AskReddit
Go to Hawaii and die with a bottle of wine and a girls mouth around my penis
I would play gta with my neighbors that I hate. Or is that the purge?
this is the one
That may be the reason
Cry And tell people what I needed to say
This makes me wonder how many times police chase has ended with the suspect deceased because they believed it was their last day. Which technically was true.
Aww. so sweet.
❤️
marry me alright
Same for my doggos
I’ll take them. They’ll get a good home with lots of love. Go enjoy what time you have left.
I’ll take your cat if that ever happens🫡 He/she will have a great home
How old is your cat ?
Find homes for homeless people too. Nobody talks about prisoner reintegration in society.
Wow, that's the shit I was feeling. Feel it hard.
God, I dont even know you and feel sad because of that last bit!
Keeping it real, I love it
I'd add to that and make some high class porn and post it everywhere
What’s wrong with low class prostitutes?
Bro is trying to outpace his death date
This 👆🏻
hahaha
Love this
That is cute!
Best time spent
No you wouldn’t. We all would go and do the most illegal shit possible and not even tell our family we’re dying. It’s not good to lie
3kg and a rocking chair followed by the floor and 2kg
Tuesday again?
hahahha
A man who accepts he will die is a dangerous one
100%
I concur
Sure just let me open the door to the room full of women and cocaine
Why wait?
Damn right make everyone I encounter have a better day
Don’t forget to set your auto responder to dead!
Same, I'm sober like 9 months for various reasons, but if I had one day left, I'd hop over to the liquor store and get plastered. Probably do martinis, followed up with some of my previously favorite beers. Also a lot of coke and/or ketamine, why not right?
Either way you’re getting hammered.
I would also get drunk lol.
Finally that alarm won’t wake me up
and then right when you get comfortable a nuclear bomb from russia blows up in the horizon.
May I join you?
Ok slow down there. Don’t need to go that crazy.
It'd be a long nap
I think that would back fire….or be amazing but for me probably backfire
just make sure that somebody comes to get your toddlers and that seems perfect.
hahaha
Real asf
Just do it! I'm a skydiver and one of my favorite things is watching the fear and anxiety on tandem customers faces during the plane ride up and then the giant smile and pure happiness on their faces after they land. Just relax and trust your tandem instructor. He or she will have thousands of jumps and will handle everything. Your job is to just follow their instruction, relax and enjoy the experience of a lifetime.
Well, you put your head down so you don't get decapitated by flying panels and debris.
hahaha
And probably spend the day with my dogs at a lake and my sister brother mom
You say that now. Then once the acid kicks in and the impending doom that YOU WILL DIE today will fuck up any fantasy you thought you had before you started tripping.
Worst fucking trip ever lol. You say that now and then once the acid starts to kick in you'll have the overwhelming reality that you will die. Maybe the dmt would help cause you kinda feel like your dying on dmt anyway.
You won't need to pack anything where you're going lol. Neither will any of us.
and then die from implosion.
Putin just launched a series of nuclear attacks and everyone is going to die.
I also choose this guys neighbors
Me too, I fuckin hate them
Either way, I like how you think
You're going to sit around and game with neighbors that you hate on your last day on Earth? At least the OP was going to drive around shooting pimps in real life!
What did it say? pussy Reddit removed it
Your comment made me think about why the last part was quite sad, even for me. I think it has to do with me hating to be a burden to anyone, or do anything bad to someone. Somehow I can't let that go even in that scenario haha.. I've always wanted them to just live fine without me. So I feel like that'd be the best thing I could tell them in the last moment, and of course I'd have to comfort them than to think for myself so they could carry on in life. In fact, I'd probably want to tell dad that I am scared and he should hold me tight, even if I wouldn't tell him that. I wish I could be more honest.
Mate this is my last day on earth, not some average Tuesday afternoon at the retirement home
Good luck getting the dealer to answer his phone too lol
The question just said my last day on earth, not anyone else's. It's a shame I wouldn't get to see their reaction when they found out they wouldn't get paid
They're all I got. Honestly, I would just fall asleep near my mom one last time if I could.
What a way to say that you’ve got no loved ones.
You got less than 24 hours let’s get to it!
The sex part not so much of an issue the cocaine part is… I need money and like 2 weeks off I’m too old to go to work after a wild night turned day
☠️
IT would have the email deactivated before his body turned cold.
Yeah lol I’m four years sober
Yes, agree- that’s very unhealthy
If you see flying debris and panels, I’m guessing you’re pretty much fucked anyway. I wanted to see the action before I croaked.
I would probably find something very illegal to try that I never would have done should I have to deal with the consequences of such an act.
You know her neighbors?
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣💪💪
Low class prostitutes have more experience bar none, on my last day I’ll go with reps over visuals
I honestly think this is lovely. I'm in my 40s and I think that when I die, if I know it's coming, I will revert to a child-like state of mind and just want comforting.
After a day of looting, prozzies and drugs??
It’s a joke, which apparently went straight over your head
Exactly.
it might kill them someday
You laugh, but STDs and STIs run rampant in retirement homes. The old fucks fuck like they don’t give a fuck.
No that guy's a pussy
By your statement, they probably give a little too many
My bucket list of debauchery and self indulgences are checked off at 34. I regret those times, the frightening highs, as good as they momentarily were. I'd wanna get drunk with my parents, my uncle and my wife. The four coolest people in my life.
Real men will always choose hookers and blow
I mean, sure. While not hookers, I've already done all that. Just grew out of finding enjoyment out of that. Like, would I wanna recreate "that" night, again? Imo nah. I'm looking at death. Why waste the last moments of my life with something that was a waste when I experienced it?
What philosophy to pursue in order to become better human and disciplined?
Ditto But don’t diddle little boys
damn. a lot of info thanks
What would be the best way to start practicing these principles and becoming a follower?
What are the things that make you happy?
Solitude.
Spending time with friends and family.
Having a stable balance of being alone and being with family and friends
Positivity Purpose
A day with 0 human contact.
Seeing thousands of stars on a summer night
Beer and my children. Even better if I go in that order.
Nothing anymore
Eating my favorite foods, drawing, chatting fb friends, going to flea markets, gaming console or mobile, listening to my favorite types of music, watching movies or YouTube, sleeping or taking short or long walks, spending money if i have any left over after paying bills lol
Cats failing at being cats, and unlimited pizza on Fridays.
What keeps you up at night?
Honestly I think about how shitty my life is and then I remember there are plenty others who are going through the same.
The simple idea that, at any point in time, a 3,500 lb walrus could smash through my walls and kill me while I’m dancing in the shower.
The ropes suspending me from the rafters.
My thoughts.
My cellphone
That time in the first grade when I farted in class.
My inability to sleep.
Embarrassing things I did 5 years ago.
Reddit rabbit holes and the fear of missing out on memes.
I’m here
What is the story of your first kiss?
We kissed. I said honestly, "Wow, that was, wet..." She asked, "Have you ever had one that wasn't?" And I answered honestly, "No."
i was 8 and i kissed underwater in school swimming lessons. &#x200B; was only a peck on the lips
My uncle’s beard was really long
In 1978 my family went on a weekend cruise on the Pacific Princess, yep the actual Love Boat. I was 13. On the first full day I met a girl, Kitty McKey and asked if she wanted to go to the disco. My family and I had dinner, and I was feeling a little sea sick and yet my parents let me order fish. So yea, that didn't go well. I went back to my cabin and took a nap. I then woke up late and RAN to the disco and she was still there. We danced a little bit then wandered the ship. We sat near the pool and chatted to 2am. I walked her to her room and I leaned in and got a little peck. I was on cloud 9. We hung out a little bit the next day, and when we went home we shared a couple of letters. It's been 45 years since I have never forgotten what a special evening that was and I hope her life has been wonderful
What does Limited Animation mean for you?
Stationary or nearly so.
Why or why not do you think the Jake Paul vs Tyson match has any potential for a real battle, considering Paul is at his prime and 30 yrs younger vs arguably a once GOAT that is likely to retain some of his old punching power but only in first 2-3 rounds?
Jake Paul will beat him But it won’t be a good fight We’re just gonna feel bad for Mike and hate Jake Paul even more Just 2 guys who want more money
It's an exhibition fight. The winner is whoever is paying the other. Considering who is fighting, it's obvious Jake Paul is paying Mike Tyson.
The premise above is based on several experts saying the last thing to go for an older boxer is his punching power, but it will be limited by his stamina which will wear down after early rounds
2 pieces of human garbage neither of which are at the top of the game. Why do people watch this shit?
Given the past history of some of the fights, these appear to have some pre-arrangement and only made for exhibition and circus like appeal. After the Jake Paul vs. Nate Diaz fight it became obvious in Diaz' corner that the fight was staged. Therefore no fair credibility for fair game can be placed on these events/promotions moving forward...or if there ever was.
Jake might be at his prime but he couldn't possibly win an actual pro bout which his why he pulls these stunt events which are really lucrative for him. Mike certainly is past his prime but Jake has never been hit as hard as Mike still can. If Jake tries going toe to toe he will lose quickly so his only chance is to run for three rounds and hope Mike gasses out.
Yeah, I'm leaning this way too
Probably curiosity with all the media hype and it is 2 celebrities, shit or not. Why would they pay is my question. I'd watch but wouldn't pay for this hype.
Well, even at age 57, Mike Tyson isn't a quitter, but he might have the sense now to tap out if he's getting incredibly pounded. It's going to be interesting.
I think he'll give it all in first 2 rounds where he has a chance to do some damage against Paul. But not sure if he'd just go down on his own or call it quits before getting injured himself....that might not even look like a pounding. At 58 he could experience all types of internal injuries with just some average hits. Remains to be seen
Oops! He'll be 58 in July?
Yes...closing in on 60. Insane when you think of it, to be in a boxing match, even as some said "an exhibition"
I just hope they both stay safe and it goes well.
How do you stop a painful fart while remaining focused on the conversation around you?
I never stop my farts. You gotta let em rip. It is simply more healthy. Don't forget, maintain eye contact to assert dominance. Edit : Words
Start talking about farts and volunteer to demonstrate
Let the conversation carry on to more important business, like "who farted?" I don't care if you're at a meeting finalizing world peace, that fart is much more important. Whatever else you were discussing can wait
If there is another person around that you can possibly blame it on your going to want to look at them and cringe with disgust when you let it go, but don't otherwise blame them. you just want to create ambiguity not ownership. If they say it wasn't me, you win.
You make an appointment with your doctor to discuss why you are having painful farts.
Never been painful for me
Wh.. what is a painful fart?
You excuse yourself and go do it elsewhere
Put a finger in your butt.
Break it to several hopefully odorless little fisses (?!) and master the art of multitasking. Remember practice makes perfect.
Don't stop it, just change your nozzle shape to silence it. This gives you plausible deniability. Bend one knee slightly, dilate yourself a bit then push. Job done.
Squeeze tight, smile wider, pray for silent but deadly success.
Maintain eye contact , and concentrate on your mouth to keep it as still as possible and push. Guaranteed they will think you’ve a mental disorder.
Just excuse yourself to the restroom
Cain’t be done
By going to a fucking doc. Farts shouldn't be painful 🥶
You can’t, its either you let it rip or excuse yourself to go somewhere.
When we were kids my brother used to let a ripper in church on a wooden pew and look at me and say shit like wow that was rude. And I couldn’t stop laughing to save myself.
Reminder that you can hide posts folks
When I read the first part, I thought you were going to say, "to assert dominance"
When was the last time you were flabbergasted?
watching Harry mack freestyle to break ya necks instrumental from husta rhymes
10 minutes ago. Am at a friend's home. We've been friends for 10 years. Turns out my buddy has a twin brother whom I haven't ever seen or known to exist. They are identical twins 🤐
Today. I’ve been cancelling plans with a friend recently because I’ve been busy helping my grandparents move. When I cancelled plans with him today (we were going to hang out on the weekend) he said “You’re not moving there, right? Because you’ve been there a lot…” mf, I’m helping my grandparents move 💀
I don't remember
Once in college I had an immensely attractive woman (mid 40s maybe? Another student, not a teacher) tell me I looked like her future ex husband and it genuinely scrubbed all thoughts from my head.
When I realized my cat's TikTok has more followers than mine.
Is the twin still alive?
How can you be sure you’ve never seen him if they’re identical 🤔
Who’s the most famous person that lives in your neighborhood?
Barack Obama
One that used to: A man who had been the butler of Buckingham Palace, then moved to Texas to be a butler for a rich guy there. His hobby was shoe shining (he'd literally beg to shine our shoes for us)
There’s a golden retriever puppy a couple houses down that everyone knows and adores.
I lived down the road from Iggy Pop for several years.
Guy from an old rock band called helix.
Bigfoot, but he's terrible at returning borrowed lawn equipment.
I live in LA so you decide
David Morse
I once lived on the same road as Harrison ford. I lived in Jackson hole. I lived on the start of the road and he lived at the very end of it. He might still live there.
A local news talking head
Although I hate him. Connor Mcgregor literally grew up 40 seconds from my house.
The pizza shop owner.
The local imam probably or my dad
I used to live next door to Nick Faldo when he was based in UK…
When I was younger, I briefly lived around the corner from Boy George held that guy captive.
My neighbor was on FOX News during COVID recapping a school board meeting that got out of hand because a board member chewed a clown out for not wearing a mask. My neighbor was not on the board’s side.
The priest, most people know him
Me. my mom knows me.
The lady who organized my county’s Girl Scout cookie drive for like 20 years. Between that and her daughter being the area’s babysitter, everyone knew her growing up.
The meth-head across the street, mug shot on the local news 2-3x a year.
Not my neighborhood but Chester Bennington lived 10-15 minutes away from where I currently live
Nobody famous lives in my neighborhood but there is a house that has been featured in a bunch of Hallmark movies. That's as close as we get around here.
Anika Sorrnstam and Lydia Komlive somewhere in this area.
Zuckerberg.
Kid Rock used to live around 5 minutes from my Grandparents house.
Warren Buffet.
Apparently Seth Meyers and the Cusack siblings live in my town at the moment, and Julia Louis-Dreyfus is from here. So I guess the answer is Joan Cusack, because she's awesome.
Helix!  was such an underrated rock power ballad. 🎸
How do you not know if someone like him lives in your area or not anymore?
I wrote that I once lived there. I don’t live in Wyoming anymore so idk if he still lives there or not.
Oh, ok!
What would you regret posting on the Internet?
All the cringe shit I posted in the early 2000s 😂
Probably that woman who tweeted something about AIDS before boarding a plane to Africa. Spoiler alert: she didn’t have a job when she landed.
Nudes.
terrible questions like this
Ah shit
One day I got coked up and friend requested like 2/3 of my friends list from my guy fb from my girl fb. Yaowza
My  chats
at this point nothing lmao
Posts and comments where I forgot to do my research on
Porn, been there done that
pics of me
My browser history's autobiography. Spoiler: It's not about studying.
It was a badly phrased joke poking fun at herself, not black victims of HIV, probably the first time I saw an internet mob on social media mobilise against someone.
What are the best and worst sequels in gaming?
Diablo 2 is best diablo 3 is worst because I wasn't stupid enough to play 4 so it doesn't count.
Worst: "Star Wars The Force Unleashed II." I'm not a gamer by any stretch of the imagination and I beat it in six hours.
Best: Starflight 2 (circa 1989) Worst: Overwatch 2
one of the best prob:
ac brotherhood
Street fighter 2 the best, resident evil 6 was awful.
Deus Ex Invisible War should be up there, huge downgrade from the first one.
Best: Witcher 3. Worst: Every Sonic sequel post-1994. Gotta go fast.
You have a time machine. You can use it to go back in time to kill one person. Who do you kill?
No-one. I’ve watched enough Doctor Who to know that messing with timelines like that never turns out well.
Santa
Myself, beforehand so it’s not considered side
Myself while heading into the time machine.
Gavrillo Principe. I'd make him choke on his sandwich 🥪
Theodor herzl
Would Kill Hitler, but if this guy doesn't have embraced the same eugenisct cience used in Black people in white people. Some of my kind just would being most treated like a criminal because of their fenotypes then already does or worse. I am not celebrating holocaust, but Europe needed to woke up in the worst way. But that's terrible and Hitler was an monster.
Scar before he killed Mufasa! For those who’ve seen Paid In Full, Rico before he killed Mitch.
The guy who shot Harambe.
My dad. Two birds, one stone. Also, my mum would have a much better life without him/me
The guy who invented led headlights
Helio Gracie Fucker essentially copied Judo and pawned it off as his own martial art
Gavrilo Princip
The person who said I can only kill one. And then, I'll work through history's pages. Hitler, Putin, Stalin, Trump would be a start. Then, I'd have to do research on Mao, Pinochet, Peron... I guess, I Iike time travel and killing ass-holes.
Sarah Connor
Jesus, because I think it'd be interesting to see how history forms if Pontius Pilate isn't the one blamed. Also, there would be no cross associated, nails as evidence, or wide spread gospel of martyrdom.
The guy on the Grassy Knoll
Muhammad
My mom, because that way I would have never been brought into this world
Me, because if I did that it would ensure the future me couldn't come back in time and kill me, so I'd be OK forever.
theodor herzl
I'm not sure if I would kill anyone. But if I had to, I'd probably choose the person who invented the lawnmower. Those things are so loud and annoying, and they always seem to break down at the worst possible time.
I've seen enough sci-fi to know that killing one person changes a bunch of things. So nobody.
I pick ronald reagan. Trickle down these balls, asshole.
fictional - noah the ark man real - just some random person who annoys me
Praying that mum isn’t a necrophile
Dang it! We well get here next time!
☹
Me too
perioddddd
There were five others with the same plan as him during the assassination, he just happened to be one who succeeded.
Not much to know about Mao for motivation, his policies killed like a bajillion people.
If someone else had succeeded I'd just come back with a few buddies 😁
Aww that’s nice
what’s a great way to get past your anxiety and socialize?
Cocaine
You just have to do it. If you don’t do it, you’ll never do it. And only through doing it can you gain the requisite “tolerance” for doing it that allows you to do it without undue nervousness & timidity.  Did I type “do” too much?
The trick is to wait until you’re about to shit yourself and then start a nice long conversation. That way you’ll be worried about a much different problem and would have completely forgotten you had social anxiety.
In my past experience, the best thing you can do is force your body to move into a social interaction. Just force yourself to do it, and get out of there to relax once it’s over. You’ll eventually get used to it that way. As a kid, my social anxiety was so bad that I physically couldn’t speak to anybody outside my immediate family. Now, I can easily talk to strangers, and teach classrooms full of students.
Accept it's up to you to make changes. Start slow and steady, go at your own pace and preferably in situations you'd feel more comfortable in I appreciate its a daunting prospect but don't be your own worst enemy and it's never as bad as you imagine it may be
#1 Rip off the band aid. Most people don’t really get a bad vibe from you and form a bad impression unless you’re really being a “ahole.” Also, if possible, find your tribe. For instance, someone into rare books may venture into a cool local bookstore and find common ground by just browsing or asking the staff a legitimate question. In turn, you may explore different ideas and interests naturally. Just an example, not the end all be all.
Be around people you love and trust.
Hit the gym. Tried and tested. It is ultimate.
stomach it. is it hard as hell? yes. will you fuck it up? undoubtedly. there's no other way than straight through
You have to realize that we're all literally the same person. By that I mean that we all want to be happy and healthy, be financially stable, buy the things we want and enjoy the lives we've built, we want more than just to simply exist. Once you can accept that fact, then you start looking at people as teammates in life instead of adversaries. When you see people as adversaries all the time (comparing yourself to them--I.E. is my car cooler than theirs, or, "they won't think I'm cool because I don't also have X", etc.) then you put yourself on the defensive all the time because you're constantly looking for avenues of attack (such as "What can I say that will be more impressive then what they just said") or you'll shut down because you won't think you're as impressive as the other people and therefore don't have a leg to stand on, so-to-speak. You have to become comfortable in your own skin and be able to say "I am X, Y, and Z, they're Z, Y, and X, and there's nothing saying we have to both be the same thing", we often compliment each other's weaknesses so it's not very beneficial to all be the same, anyway. Anybody who doesn't want to hang out with you because you don't 'fit-in' to what everyone is doing aren't people you want to be hanging out with anyways. Be yourself and let your self-assurance be the filtering system for what people you allow into your life. Hope this helps!
if the situation gets too uncomfortable i can always kill myself in the bathroom
ohh
DO IT AGAIN ‼️
Adults, what were some misconceptions you held about adulthood during your teenage years, as an adult now reflecting on that time?
I always thought that adults had it all figured out. Then my own adulthood hit.
That getting started after college would be easy. Nope.
I never became a spaceman.
If you work hard enough you will do fine. Not true, they just take advantage of you while keeping your pay the same and your position lower than some teenager that has a mom in managerial position.
Thought adults had it all figured out. Spoiler: We don't.
That I needed to conform to expectations, like do education, get good job, get gf/wife, get kids etc. I did the education but I didn't care for the rest. When I decided I just wasn't going to do those things a bunch of stress I didn't even know I had melted away.
“I can’t wait until I’m grown and can do whatever I want.” Me, at 39, definitely not doing whatever I want. It’s a trap.
I didn’t realize that adults could be stupid, so I assumed that the stupid kids in my school would all end up fine. Was not the case
What do you do if someone ring the bell at your house in the middle of night?
Check the ring camera
Open the door with a clown mask on and holding a knife.
Go away Jerry, I got work tomorrow. No I'm not giving you money for cocaine. God damnit Jerry.
i'd wonder where the bell came from
Probably roll over in bed to check the doorbell camera on my phone, then go back to sleep.
Have my wife dial 9, 1, and then when I say the word, dial 1 again
Nothing
Look at the clock, grumble then answer the door.
I’ve watched enough horror movies to not open the door
Two in the morning. Looked like a town cop (through the spyhole). I was in a bathrobe, with a six-inch knife in the pocket. He was concerned that my garage door was open.
Open the door with a 12 gauge ready.
This is America, shoot through the door and say you felt threatened.
Yell "it's open" because I don't lock my doors anyhow.
Go and know on there door at 3 the following morning.
What I usually do during the day, pretend I'm not home.
Don’t open the door, that is for sure. It could be the police for some reason, someone at the wrong house, or someone in need of help so I’d check from a window or just talk through the door but I’m not likely going to open the door in any case.
Arm myself and answer the door
See who it is from the upstairs window. if its someone i don't know turn on the hose.
I'd probably answer the door, but I'd be cautious. I'd make sure to keep my distance and not let them into my house.
Open door with shotgun in face
Ignore it. It's probably just some drunk college kids looking for a party.
covers the ring camera 😼
Knew you had a clown mask on standby
This Jerry sounds like a real nutcracker
Then I ain't coming down. Anyone I know would pull a stupid face at the camera. Anyone covering my ring camera is up to no good.
🤡🔪
He's the worst. He invites himself along everywhere, follows me home, always begging for cash.
Fine continues ringing the bell 🥱
Uhhhh!!! What do I do!!!! # 🎂
\Turns off ring notifications and goes back to sleep\
What are some things to say/ask your arrange marriage fiance to foster convo to connectin deeper level?
What is your country famous for?
Carol of the Bells
We started all world wars
We're the birthplace of Loose\Pilot574: entrepreneur, humanitarian, and all-around good guy.
School shootings
CR7
“WHAT THE FUCK IS A KILOMETER!?!?!?” Edit: I know what a kilometer is, do I have to spell out what the joke is?
Fighting off invaders: Vikings, Scythians, Mongols Poles, Turks, Germans, Russians. ukraine
Tea! (Don’t think it’s ours though… 🇬🇧)
In terms of the country I’m in right now, beautiful beaches
The troubles
IKEA.
For having the most racist while people in Africa
Flaming Left wing liberals. Very unfortunate
Corruption and army rule.
Kebab
We united many countries, 2 started satelite wars against each other after they fought in the same 2 wars we fought, those 2 are known as russia (UdSSR) and USA
we ride moose
Trump
Owning your country for a period of time.
Hockey, maple syrup and currently, an unbelievably idiotic prime minister
Queuing and cups of tea.
Freedom, fast food, and thinking football involves minimal foot use.
Viktor Orban
repeating its history, home of the appointed son of God
Manny Pacquiao and jollibee
Sending virtual hugs to all my fellow redditors going through tough times. Remember, you're not alone, and we're here to lend a helping hand.
U.S. is known for many things, including its diverse culture, technological innovation, popular media and entertainment industry, national parks, and historical landmarks, among others.
I've been waiting for this question for a while So my country is known for a song called "Dragostea din tei"
White people ruining everything
You can't mention France without mentioning wine and cheese. The perfect combination!
Austria?
I heard he likes big tough guys
I love Motunui!
one Kilometer is 3,281 ft, 1,093 yd, 0.6213 mi
"a metric unit of length equal to 1000 meters" - Gugle
A kilometer is= In normal understanding: 1,000 meters American understanding: 255 cheeseburgers or 120 m4 rifles
Bruh… everyone knows it’s 344 footballs
So Canada.
# A Møøse once bit my sister... No realli! She was Karving her initials on the møøse with the sharpened end of an interspace tøøthbrush given her by Svenge - her brother-in-law - an Oslo dentist and star of many Norwegian møvies: "The Høt Hands of an Oslo Dentist", "Fillings of Passion", "The Huge Mølars of Horst Nordfink"...A Møøse once bit my sister... No realli! She was Karving her initials on
You're thinking of his brother, Loose\Pilot575.
r/woosh moment?
huh
Lots of Kebab places here.
Thats almost every country, Türkiye slowly taking over the world mashallah💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
If you could freeze time in one year of your past, which year would you choose and why?
None? I don't really see how that would be useful.
the sky
covid lockdown years they were awesome
For me, it would be 2016. It was the year I moved to Irvine, California, from East Africa to start my undergrad school at UCI. 2016 was filled with so much fun! The music releases were total bangers! Snapchat was king, Instagram didn't have stories, Your grandma wasn't on Facebook and TikTok was just a song. In my opinion, it was the last time I saw people expressing their opinions without fear of being judged, fired, canceled, threatened, or worse – jailed. Bitcoin was selling just in the hundreds, millennials were still treated as kids, and podcasts were actual podcasts – and not YouTube videos. Gen-Z spoke normal English, cancel culture wasn't a culture yet, and people had jobs – OnlyFans wasn't an option. Buy-Now-Pay-Now was the rule of the game. Buying a house wasn't a flex, Netflix had free trials, late-night shows weren't dumping grounds for political crap, and jokes were just jokes. You could playfully tease someone, and they'd laugh along, adding even more jokes about themselves. People had thicker skin. It was the year I came to America, and I would give anything – pay anything! – to pause time there. I've been searching for that feeling ever since, and it gets more distant by the day.
My high school year. Back then I have no adult responsibilities yet, all i need to worry about is passing my exams and graduating. I am just starting to figure myself out and what i want. Although i made a lot of mistakes, that was a time in my life that i was carefree and stress free.
1999, to party like it's... well, you know.
Redditors who talk to themselves, how bad does it get?
Bad? I don't consider it a bad thing.
I end up on dates and they don’t turn up…
I’ve realized that the right side of the brain doesn’t get to talk like the left side. My taking to myself is just the right side talking to the left side
It doesn't because i love myself
I'm not talking to that asshole right now.
What was your worst investment? Your best investment?
Is this about stocks or in general?
My worst might be my current relationship, objectively my best investment so far has been Bitcoin. Hopefully starting my career at 22 will pay off.
What's your prized possession?
A German bible from the late 1700's. Great grandma gave it to me when she passed away. I'm an atheist, but it's still a very cool little piece of history to have adorning my bookshelf
My supercar. I worked hard for it!
For me a signed pasternak jersey
Common sense
My stuffed king penguin I got from SeaWorld Cleveland when I was 5 years old in 1992. I named him King. I still sleep with him.
I have 2, and both are from WWII. One is a .303 smle rifle my great uncle had with him on D-Day, and the other is a U-boat commanders sword. My grandfather (royal navy) won it in a card game off a guy who took it from a U-boat that surrendered to his ship at the end of the war.
My great-grandmother saved my father and I from homelessness after our house burned down when I was 7. She moved us into her house and then moved out so we could live there. She gave me a glass rabbit figurine before she left. She died in 2020, and it's the only thing I have left of her.
My mom’s book of life. She put lots of things in there about her 12 kids. Ie stitches in the chin, milestones, hopes, dreams
vinyl and CD collections from my late father
A Franklin Mint Monopoly Collector's edition that was left to me by my great grandmother. I still haven't played it after all these years.
A small metal ball, maybe the size of a dime but spherical. Found it on a bike ride. Have kept it ever since. I'm not sure why, but in every move I've ever made, it's the thing I always know where it is.
My snowboard. It’s pretty and rides wonderfully. I probably over purchased but it makes me happy
My NES, iPhone 2G and Millennium Falcon toy
An authentic Tarot card deck.
My laptop. It’s my pride and joy 🥹
My model and LEGO trains
My dog, who thinks he's a cat. Identity crisis, priceless.
My wedding band
Roush Mustang. 785 HP I race it at Sebring And Homestead.
My brain.
A passed down WW1 Winchester 97 Trench Gun.
From Pizza Hut? They do have good pasta.
What is it made of?
No from the bruins
There is one on Ebay buy now for $500. It is the same as mine. I still have the original receipt and letters it came with. I also have the book to hold all the properties. So mine would maybe be 550? I am not sure.
No idea. Probably steel? Its fairly light.
How can you recover in life when it seems like you've fucked up everything?
There's always a way. If you murdered someone and are deep into debt just move to Tahiti, nobody checks Tahiti - point being there is always a way out.
You must be very confident and sure that YOU ARE GONNA CHANGE YOUR LIFE. Its not gonna be easy trust me. But there is always a way.
Pray.
I wish I knew
What’s something you know now that you wish you knew in the past?
Not everyone who acts like your friend is actually your friend.
Importance of Saving Money
Be loyal to kind people over blood relatives
How much work owning a house would be
alot of good ones here, so I’ll say something personal for me, I wish I realized my now ex was into me sooner than I did. Maybe being together for more time would have changed things a bit for us. So that would be it for me.
stop trying to please people. stop trying to make people you care about, care about you. Don’t rely on people who don’t support ya. You will find people worth your time.
If I had known that cryptocurrencies would cost that much money, then starting in 2012 I would have started buying them with free money.
REALITY OF PEOPLE
the winner of every major tournament. maybe how bitcoin and some other stock would evolve...
That mental illness was real and that I had ADHD that I could get help with to make life better. Most importantly, not getting help would create new disorders thus making my life worse.
Investing in toilet paper stocks before 2020 would've been genius.
Always make yourself number one priority.
Nah fr im done with these people who talk all this shit
Yeah, I learn it late
YES!
Oop-
So fucking real
I’m terrified for when it’s my time to holy shit
Real af
If you were given five-hundred dollars to spend on something you want but don’t need, what are you buying?
Decorative spoke covers for my wheelchair wheels because they're pretty, and I want to be pretty too.
A round trip greyhound bus ticket out of town, and three days at a motel in the mountains.
Top of the line automatic kitty litter machine.
Lego sets.
clothes
Stonks. Haha. A bunch of penny stocks and loose it all. Most likely.
2 “decent” tickets to an NFL game.
Can it be something someone else needs? If so, groceries for my single parent friends.
Booze at Costco
Legos.
Dyson hair dryer
Weed
A maid for a few visits.
Isaac asimov all series
A lifetime supply of glitter, because chaos is my aesthetic.
E v e r y t h I n g I can think of I actually NEED. 😅
Nugget ice maker
Nintendo Switch
A line of cedar trees to block the road in front of my house. Yes that would be nice.
Desktop CNC laser cutter.
A banjo 🪕
Vitamix blender
A bunch of hotdogs and hotdog buns, ketchup, and mustard packets, food wrappers. I would make a bunch of food and then give it out to homeless people.
Fabric
All my favorite sweets an pastries
Meal at a steakhouse
A big pretty dress to wear to ren faires
$500 worth of lottery tickets.
Legos.
A telescope
Tattoo
A few high end t shirts
Beauty products. I need it for my soul though
PS5
Sex
Concert tickets. I love live music! Somewhere, there's a band playing that I want to see, and that just might cover a hotel room too. Maybe...
Stocks
Books. There so many realities to escape to.
Plane ticket to Ireland
Snorkel for my Jeep
Cashmere/merino yarn to knit myself a sweater.
Beef
Fountain pen(s)
Pie.
Mercedes-Maybach G 650
I don't need rent money but I want rent money
Hotel for a weekend out of town. I try to get out on short vacations here and there when I'm able, but I live mostly paycheck to paycheck so it's rare I have enough to swing it, even for a small trip.
A table saw. I have one already but it is a cheap shitty one. It is loud, even for a table saw, and the fence sucks and is a PITA to keep straight. But I don’t use it enough to justify buying a better one. Ironically I don’t use it as often as I would because it sucks.
Cologne
Do I need to spent this money in frivololous things or can I keep for emergency? I would spent in art supplies but I would keep it just in case.
I used laptop, maybe a nice meal.
Warhammer and the bits to do my fireplace for the wife
Hardware store!!
A road trip and hotel room.
I'd buy one of those spa memberships. I don't need a body scrub and can do most services at home but it would be really nice to be pampered.
Hydraulic remote kit and hydraulic top link for ford 3000 tractor. And a case of beer.
Pokemon plushies
A fairly good quality gun
A warping mill for weaving, or a new spinning wheel.
Tattoo. As many tattoos or as big of a tattoo as I can get for the $500
Makita track saw. It's on sale right now.
Kayak
3 loaves of bread, 2 gallons of milk, 2 lbs of ham, and maybbbe a full tank of gas.
Cats.
Probably another tent. I'm 67 and would like to stand up in my tent. But, do I really need 4 ?
Delta 9 gummies
I’d probably start a new PC build as mine is starting to get old. For $500, I’d get at least the case, PSU and storage. Then piece everything else together
Shoes
Tattoo
Oh god there’s a Saint Laurent card wallet that I’ve been eyeing for like a year, but it’s stupidly expensive for what it is…but I want it anyway. So I’d get that, and spend the remaining $40 thrifting.
Vinyl records. I have a running list of records I want in the event I have expendable cash (which is never lol).
Beginner knife forging equipment. Cheap gas forge, Harbor Freight Anvil shaped object, cheap belt sander. Been watching a lot of Forged in Fire, and I've been wanting to try making knives for years, so yeah, that's what I'd do.
Lego DnD+Dune Sets.
Balder's Gate 3. I know it's not $500, but I can't afford it right now.
Jeep parts
Some trippy ass art glass bong.
Baseball cards. Maybe a nice Ken Griffey, Jr auto
A new (to me) guitar.
Cocaine
Probably another guitar.
LEGO, fountain pens or handbags.
Chain saw
A lot of Bad Dragon toys
An eight-ball?
Plane ticket to London, time to visit some heritage railways and railway museums
Billy Joel concert
PS5
Cock reduction pills.
A new pistol. I would say rifle but for $500 that’s hard to come by.
Cocaine
500 crisp new $1 bills.
A bunch of video games.
Flight sim peripherals for my pc or a nice aquarium setup
Drum machine/sampler
Stock or a new watch.
A few choice Action Figures
High end jewellery
Power tools.
Into the kids RESP
Speakers and a head unit for my car.
Either $500 worth of studio gear (which won’t amount to much), or a PS5.
PS5
steam deck!
Loads of designer clothes
Baldur's Gate 3
Probably a synthesizer.
Definitely a fancy watch
Probably put it towards a new bass guitar. Not gonna get what I want for 500, but it'll get me way closer than I am. Edit: And a ticket to see one of my favorite bands in April.
Legos, ps5, video games, books.
Finally buy everything in my TikTok cart, go get a tattoo and a facial, and maybe a small tattoo
Beef stew
Star Trek Starships! I want them soo bad but can't justify the price.
One of them automatic litter boxes.
A generator that I can manage with my phone. I’d turn it on and off and on and off and on and off all day long, just because it seems fun
Drone
I would put down the money on an aftermarket pre-order of the upcoming Transformers Haslab Omega Prime. I couldn't back it, it was almost $300 after shipping, and it'll be way higher on the aftermarket. $500 should buy a pre-order, or put a significant dent in the aftermarket price. stuff's made to order, it's not scalpers, if anyone passes by unfamiliar with Haslabs.
$500 worth of cocaine to flush down the toilet
TV
Hookers and blow
A custom made easel in my studio.
I'd buy clothes, but i guess that counts as a need also. Maybe some equipment to beef up my pc.
Hair salon, nail salon, aesthetician…new purse if there’s money left.
Isopods
Some shoes and some video games
Alcohol.
100LL Aviation fuel
Smart ring
Lots of the Daniel Smith watercolor paints made from gemstones.
Scratch off tickets
Meta Quest 3
Mushrooms and weed!
Overwatch Credits cuz Blizzard think its a good thing to make a skin 20€
AirPod pro max
Antique bed stairs for my dog or an antique piano stool. If it could be on something I need, though, it would be an infant car seat.
Botox
Flights
My bill paid
Bitcoin
A katana. There's nothing I need less. Still want one though.
Another designer purse. Expensive perfume.
3d printer.
Badass Traxxas RC truck to blast around the trails in the open space near me. Saw some sick bike jumps up there I could launch a lil truck off.
Nintendo switch so I can play both Zelda games
Unfortunately this wasn't marked NSFW.
Xbox series X or PS5.
ipad
meta ray ban with optical lenses
Laser hair removal
AR glasses to game lmao
(35M) i have always have bin verry aware of how monney was invented and why , who created it , who took over that bussiness , who runs that opperation and why even today . afcorse also what monney is , represents and the value of monney today . and due to that i always have bin verry responsible whit any kind of monney i had . so , i hardly ever bought something i '' wanted '' and most times to always , only bought what i '' needed '' so yea its to me a verry good , yet verry difficult quistion . as i do find it difficult to awnser , whit an awnser tailord to my wants , instead of my needs . as the idees poping into my head , are mostly to all only my '' needs '' and even if i do my best to try to think of annything i want , i always come to the conclusion i always have . i have everything i gould possible need or want . as matter of fact , i have always bin looknig in my own life for stuff i dont need or want to cut out of my life . always bin looking on how i would be able to live my life even more finnancialy responsible then i already had . and do try to minimize my spendages wether they are needs and or wants . so i am afraid that i dont have that awnser myself , and therefor are not able to share whit any that awnser .
Travel
RC car
Books
Raspberry pi + Radioshack 28-280
A compound bow. I live in the city and have absolutely no place to shoot it, but they're really cool and unlike most deadly projectile shooting things in my country - they're completely legal to own.
$500 would be enough to justify a new VR headset I've wanted for a while. Hard to justify $1000, but $500 ain't bad. Shits like a drug addiction. Got in with the cheap stuff but now I need better and better stuff to keep me going. Lmao.
Running shoes
Nice bottle of scotch, probably islay.
A top of the range hoover with all available attachments. My crappy one is fine but still we can all dream....
A new taylor made driver
Fishing tackle
Reese's peanut butter cups peanut butter smoothie
Ammo
I handmade set of steel toe work boots. High quality ones. Best thing you could spend money on.
A used e-bike.
Gold jewelry
One of the following: Surfboard (that’s enough for a used glass 7’8” plus fins/leash) Camera (probably enough for an a6000 plus a lens) A watch (probably a used Hamilton khaki murph or tissot prx powermatic 35mm) New suit (the $500 suit supply lazio should work)
Old large note American currency
books
A Dyson vacuum
I’d rent a super nice hotel room for a day or two and have a mental health break from responsibilities
At this point, I'm almost 100% after what I need, not what I want so honestly, probably lottery tickets.
a low end graphics card, i really need one
A ticket somewhere
Either Miniverse for myself or stuff for my baby boy. His birthday is coming up and I want to treat him.
Legos
Assuming it must be spent all at once, rather than being saved up for a bigger purchase, I am buying 10000 of those old school Ed Edd 'n Eddy jawbreakers for a nickel a pop.
hardcover books
A car detail and a steak dinner for my family
A hooker.
I'm buying a Heretic Cleric II
upgrade my pc.
Premium bonds
A new Driver.
Massage gift certificates for my peeps!
Been looking to get a new tattoo. I'd probably do it if I got a random $500
Stocks or booze at Costco
Probably a really good pair of senheisser headphones. Maybe a dope sound bar for the TV. Or a stellar monitor Oh and maybe some warhammer minis
Clothing from Desigual. It's the flashiest; wildest clothing that you can only wear on occasion.
A VR headset.
Partial fursuit
Motorcycle parts
Grill
Half down deposit on cremation
Food! Cause apparently us poor folk don’t need it and shouldn’t be able to afford it.
hookers and blow
New era caps, I got my first one when I was a kid and I’ve been addicted ever since
A new comforter. Mine is fine, but I don’t like it anymore.
Another 500 in bitcoin
A Yaesu FT-500DR amateur radio
Some comfy boots. Mine are well broken in and comfortable after ten years but the heel inside has started coming apart and it’s poking. I won’t generally spend money on myself for something I don’t need - with the boots I’ll keep wearing until they are no longer viable as boots. That said, I wouldn’t hate some that didn’t cut my heels if I put them on wrong. Last pair was about 500, so that’s what I’d do if I had to be frivolous. That part of the heel couldn’t be fixed when I took them to a cobbler.
Another pair of shoes
Red light therapy face mask
Xbox Series X.
Xerjoff Alexandria II
A mini vacation up north
concert/festival tickets + hotels/transportation there
First stupid shit that came up in my head at the very moment. Let's see... vacuum + mop bot.
Solar panels and power bank. I live in my truck
Probably something for gf or my dog.
As much prime grade filet mignon as I can.
Blowjobs......12 of them!
A nice pair of headphones.
A new 1440p monitor.
New putter
Treasury bonds. Sorry but I was born in the shadow of the great depression. It's in my dna.
Oh I did this. My grandma left me and my siblings $400 each. I bought a 12ft skeleton i keep in my backyard year round. My grandma would have loved Alessio
More comics.
90 gallon fish tank 😂
There’s a statue in a collection I like that has been massively inflated in price. I’d buy that.
Weed
prolly another backpack
U.S treasury bond
Scuba gear
A small weekend vacation getaway for me and my boyfriend.
Viltrox 13mm f1.4 lens x-mount
Thin Lizzy At The BBC, the 6CD/1DVD set. Will never happen but one can dream.
CNC Router
penny stocks and shrooms
Magic The Gathering cards. Probably 1 card, probably something on the reserve list so I don't get shafted by reprints tanking the value.
I'm spending it on 1/3 of a Gareth Bull Shamwari
S.T. Dupont lighter
Outdoor furniture
Upgrade my cpu and ram
A roomba I’ve always wanted one.
SSD and memory stick for when current ones went broken
I'd spend it on about 20 Koki.
A small greenhouse
Guitar. I'd combine it with some of my own money and get an Epiphone Prophecy SG.
Some new pillows, blankets, and towels
Yarn, crochet hooks and knitting needles. Oh, and baskets for it all.
Vfv.to
PSVR 2
Ps5
Probably some Red Wing Iron Rangers
Calvin and Hobbes and Farside complete collections.. and maybe some other compilations I can't think of at the moment.
A wood composite Adirondack rocking chair. I saw one at a home show today, and it's beautiful, it's comfortable, it's sturdy, it will last forever (being made of plastic composite) but it's very expensive!
Crypto, a benson delay, or ps5.
Another aerogarden.
Probably new bikes for my kids.
A replica lightsaber.
The physical volumes of Ascendance of a Bookworm. I have them digitally but can't quite reconcile buying them physically when I've already paid for them in another form.
Weed
New shoes for me. New toys and new leashes/collars for my dogs.
Massages
a really really good pair of headphones
A new Ping driver.
Definitely a tattoo!
Take the other $500 I have saved and buy my kids a good play set for the back garden
Acebeam x75 flashlight
Meta Quest 3
new cpu and motherboard
One night at a room at a high rise hotel and an edible.
a cat
Id like an acoustic guitar
Weed is legal here in DC. So are shrooms. Just saying
One half of a camera? $##@+
Car speakers
Some PC upgrades perhaps.
I could finish paying off my whitetail taxidermy mount and then buy a $50 bottle of bourbon.
I’d spend it on OF models of course
Eureka Typhon gaming chair
A nice tailored sports coat and dress shirt.
Hpa air bottles for my western airguns sidewinder.
One of Pilot's high-end fountain pens.
A bigger condo.
A piano. I would love to teach myself how to play.
A nice telescope.
A real leather coat.
Probably a tattoo. Don’t need another but always want one! I could get about 3 hours out of my guy for $500
Custom license plates
Another guitar. Obviously.
1 Rawlings Big Stick Elite composite baseball bat and a new catchers mitt.
Bedding
clothes
Tattoo
Probably some crazy expensive earbuds.
These first few top comments, and the question itself, remind me of how many teens/young adults are now on this site.
PS5 maybe
Legos
I was going to ask if prostitution is legal in this jurisdiction, but I'll go with 50lb sacks for King Arthur flour and maybe gasoline and sta-bil for my van.
Something I want but don’t need, more useless skin care and make up probably. Something i need but don’t want - Botox lol
Lego DnD set yo.
Dog stuff
7 fleshlights, lube, dawn gentle dish soap and some new shoes?
Designer purse/shoes
Remote controlled helicopter and a bag of weed
I would get a rowing machine, or a weight bench thing with the stuff already on.
Working on a tattoo project right now… $500 would be part of a session and get me closer to the end result. So… art.
Chucky neca doll or bride of chucky neca doll
A true vintage Star Wars Darth Vader figure from 1978 / 1980 / 1983.
Shoes
Morgan silver dollars.
A room in a pretty nice hotel. Just some peace and alone time with my thoughts finally would be nice.
I wouldn't spend it on something I don't need I'd spend it on healthcare
A cheap utility trailer to make into a mini-camper. Bed, chair, some storage, and that’s about it.
A weekend away with my girlfriend and my kid. $100 for gas, $240 for hotel room, $160 for food for two days. Forget the world for a couple days and just be happy
New headphones and maybe a few books that have been on my TBR for a while!
Clothes, bags or makeup
Ammo
Given? I’d get the thing i didnt need! If I’m not about to miss a payment I always splurge with “free money” because I’m frugal with my own. Sometimes you just have to yolo
After tithing, it's probably a bedroom makeover. A place for my plushies, jewelry making supplies, and cosplay projects.
I'd probably just save it.
A rotating bookshelf
Spa Day without feeling guilty about the amount if money I'm spending on it.
Weed
Legos
sony xm5 headphones
Bourbon & cigars
Fix my teeth—oh wait, a cabin with a hot tub.
Costco membership so i can enjoy their food court
Charity, not my needs but something I care about for others
I would say jewelry or perfume. I’ve really never had NICE of either of those. Except my wedding ring. A pair of diamond earrings and some nice perfume would be lovely.
Either a SUP or a kayak. I could save up for it, but I don't know I'd use it enough to justify spending the money. But for free, absolutely!
Steam deck OLED. I bought my first steam deck a couple weeks before the oled was announced and as much as I want to get the OLED, it is unneeded right now.
Apple Watch ⌚️
Upgrades for my computer, don't need them as such but it would work much better with them.
A custom cerakoat job on a pew pew. A cheap pew pew optic. Some food for my pew pew.
A new Xbox lmao
A record player, decent speakers, and as many records in the $25 to $50 range as I could afford after
A bunch of ammo for my next range visit.
A car. $500 will cover the fair value of a Tesla.
Lego, maybe the new Ashoka dual light saber set or a tattoo
A fancy restaurant meal with my family and some Birkenstocks.
Car parts
new computer parts
That sticky icky
Fixing my car. I had my rear passenger window broken by some kids at target and I only have liability coverage. So i have it hard covered now but I'm sleeping in my car most days and having a window broken just makes it harder than it used to be.
Two boxes of cigars.
The electrician in me says the Milwaukee power tools that I don't currently have
Hookers and blow
Self cleaning cat litter tray
Gum balls.
World peace.
A 3 dimensional chess set! The really nice one. I thought I'd buy one for my mom's birthday last year and was surprised by how expensive they are for a game that very few people play. I can't think of anything that I'd spend that kind of money on that I don't need, but I really want to buy my mom that game.
Maybe a Steam Deck
three videogames. Because thats just how much they cost now.
A double stroller for my two cats 😳 $500 is a lot but hey if it's given to me im going all out for my babies
Another gun
Probably something for my kid lol
A ski polk for next season. Our big dog is getting old and won’t be able to skijor with us as much next season (though we’ll do lots of walks and hikes this summer to stay in shape!). A polk would mean that he can be towed behind us when he gets tired, and he can still adventure with us. It’s $600 and we’re saving up for one next winter.
A book reader tablet
Taking a long train to ride, seems like a very American thing to do
Either another pocket knife or filament for my 3D printer.
Lego. It would make me so happy to sit down and spend a few hrs assembling a set
A bunch of football packs to open.
Lego
A fancy light saber. They can withstand heavy combat and make sound and light effects when they hit something. I wanna join my local jedi temple.
If you have debt, especially high % paying debt off comes first. If you are debt free purchase some silver. No collectable over priced scam silver but a soverign coin that isn’t high premium. Look up Exeter’s inverted pyaramid of risk. And you can put crypto on the very top! Look up silver to gold ratio. Get out of soverign paper-a promissory note with ink that says it has value . Look up petro dollar. Watch a ray dalio history of reserve currencies video. What are the central banks buying? 🏄
Shoes
A really, really nice kayak paddle. My really really nice one was stolen when my kayak was stolen.
A couple of Mathmos lava lamps... the ones shaped like 1950's rockets
A baby tortoise
A VR setup
More plants. And then some more plants.
Not a whole lot, that's for sure. $500 nowadays doesn't go a long way
Color laser all in one printer.
Mani/pedi Barnes and nobles trip Thrifting If anything is left A gaming setup-desk & headphones
A stand mixer.
A drum kit
Apple Watch
Lego It's the only answer
Vitamins, melatonin, and other stuff like that.
Playmobil USS Enterprise It's not available in the US, but it does exist:
A teacup yorkie.
A pair of reclaimed Victorian chimney pots to use as planters in the garden
Weed and oysters. Both grown in Quebec where I live.
Commodore 64 computer system to relive my youth.
Either Redwing boots or a used PRS!
Colonia by Acqua Di Parma, Aventus by Creed and Haltane by Parfum de Marley.
Would five $100 bills count? I don't need them, but I want them!
PS5....I have the money but have kids and a home. There are other priorities in my life right now that are more important.
Bitcoin
A console, my switch and xbox are barely hanging on 😂
Towards a vacation.
Telescope
Mulch and or cement
8 ball
antique furniture
A plane ticket to see my parents. Or better yet, plane tickets for my parents to visit me!!
A new camera lens.
PS5
Actually, it's a uniform for work.
I'd would use it to buy the boots I cannot afford for the new job I am starting in a couple of weeks Wildland Firefighting in Canada
Rudder pedals for my flight sim rig
G scale trains (it would either end up being 3 cars or one loco pff ebay)
Concert tickets
High end pots and pans
Clothing, food and shelter for the homeless. That money would go way further helping them than it would for me.
A trip on the GWR night riviera sleeper train with a day in London and Cornwall at each end and tickets to get me down south for it.
Espresso machine
Probably new cards for magic the gathering, and sadly the $500 wouldn’t go very far lol
A dry herb vape.
Tattoo for sure
Some sort of synth. I've been playing instruments since I was 6, but I'm not currently in a financial position to have access to making music. After my piano kicked the dust I've been completely without music. I miss it a lot.
Tickets for me and my fam to see a concert
A new couch
A chauffeured bar hop night through Boston with my seven best friends.
Clothes. I love expressing myself via my personal style but really have to stick to a budget. To be able to buy some pieces that I love would be awesome.
The best computer $500 could buy, used or built.
I'd chuck some of my own money towards it and buy an accesible  so I could continue work on pushing techniques / general endurance outside of sport training sessions.
Vintage castlevania tee
Gadgets my husband wants for his new car.
Parts for racecar
a new kitchenaid stand mixer with multiple paddle attachments :3
kayak
More Star Wars Lego, probably the 400 odd pound cantina set.
A resume specialist to help me with mine.
I have everything I need and can't think of anything. So I'll give my $500 to the next person who now gets $1000. Reply to this comment to say what you'd do with $1k.
Redwing boots
Baseball cards
Upgrade my PC
New graphics card
Strippers
I recently found out that my husband was making payments for a piece of jewelry for me. He only had $175 left to pay when he passed away. I stopped by the jewelry store a few weeks ago, and they asked me if I would like to finish paying it off so that I can have it. I want to, but there's no way that I can do that right now. I asked that they hold on to it for a little while longer, but please don't show it to me!
I want that cordless Dyson vacuuum. My god the carpets would be pristine. I would breathe. Living like a goddess no one could slow me down.
I’m doing botox to alleviate headaches
One of my grown kids wants a ridiculous Lego set that's $500. I can't remember which one it is - my brain shut down when I heard the price.
Traxxas
Banjo Ukulele.
Might cost a bit more out of my cash, but either a better office chair, or maybe a recliner with massage function. I don't need it but my back would appreciate it!
I would give it to my local food bank. I'm struggling during these economic times, but I can be careful, shop sales only, and squeak by. But lots of people can't and it makes me really sad to think of their anxiety about the next meal and feeding children. I donated twice last year but wish I could do more.
Actual Ryobi branded batteries for my power tools. The knock-off batteries are hit and miss at best. Some too weak to power the tool, most lack longevity vs. a true branded battery.
Dyson hair wrap!!
Charter a sailboat and take some friends out for a day on the water
A 4070 Super Founders Edition
Coachella weekend 2 pass. Or psychedelics.
Brk.b
A rose-gold bracelet.
I just spent this on a new table saw. My old one was good. My new one is gooder. It's hobby stuff so all for funziez
Bed thread full sheet set
My first sex. I would like to have the sex once in my life.
I'll take my kid to Disneyland. It's not the same as it was when I was little but he should go once when he's little. Plus the Enchanted Tiki Room is the best.
Plants
A bed. I don't have one yet, I do Van Life, haven't got around to it yet. I've been sleeping in the back of my car so far, inflatable mattress.
I’d put it towards my credit card bill. I want to be out of debt, but technically I don’t need to be.
Golf clubs
I would buy the DVDs of the 1990s show, Thirtysomething. And I would buy the DVDs of Mad Men.
handgun
A ps5
Either a Flight or a Paddle Board!
Comics.
A sick treadmill
PS5
One of those bird feeders with a camera that identifies birds and takes pictures you can view on the app.
Detail cleaning my car. Inside and out. My kids are young and I don’t dare do it quite yet.
Skin care treatment for some icepick scars.
Well $500 isn't $hit anymore so probably must more digital movies and games. If it was $5K I'd take a vacation with it.
The Dyson air wrap
PS5 so I can play Last Of Us.
Lego I’ve been eyeing up that space shuttle for so long. The inner 10 year old inside me is screaming for it, but not as loud as the outer 30something year old me is.
Groceries. I don’t need right now but next week I will. Might as well over fill the cupboards for 2 weeks.
New tires for my motorcycle.
Euro rack module(s) baby!
A gaming laptop / PC probably. Maybe not the best at only 500, but still better than what I have now
Five hundred dollars.
a roomba for my grandma
The Marc Jacob’s Snapshot bag.
Tattoos
Disc golf basket and a range finder.
As much tattoo that $500 will allow!
Flights
A haircut, new summer shoes, some summer clothes
Vintage Pyrex.
Pokemon cards. Damn my friend for getting me back into collecting. $500 won’t even go a long way either. Maybe a new pair of headphones. Like some audiophile quality stuff.
Depending on my mood it's probably going to be something Home Assistant (home automation) related, or a present for my wife.
Spa day at a resort
A mini vacation or lottery tickets
PlayStation Portal. Hell, I'd buy two, along with two carrying cases, and give a PSPortal and carrying case away at r/PS5.
Soft sided hot tub and some fine edibles.
A second Sonos Five to finally have the hi-fi set.
A better computer. Something with a GPU.
Bagpipes.
Lego, the answer is always Lego
Silk tops and PJs and lingerie my partner would like
So much food, so much pretend mukbangs
Espresso machine
The biggest fishtank I can buy. I have five small ones but I long for a really high gallon tank. Sigh...
Tickets to Sesame Place for my son with a meet and greet breakfast with Elmo ❤️ costs about $560 usd (so about $800 Canadian 🤮🤮🤢)
Probably pizza
Whiskey
Two of the Hot Toys figures. Probably spiderman figures.
Real time translation earbuds I want to be able to have a real conversation with my coworker not just broken Spanglish.
A patio area in my backyard.
Clothes
4 day ticket to Disney
A collection of rare, exotic hot sauces. No real reason other than they would taste interesting and be a good conversation starter for any visitors.
I’ll take 2 sick days.
A dog. I don’t need more dogs but it seems logical.
50 of the same $10 scratch lotto tickets. The odds for that price ranged ticket are usually around 1 out of every 4 is a winner. So if I bought 50 of the same ticket, my odds of winning my money back or a little more would be pretty good. I don’t think it would be much more than some pocket change winnings, but it would keep me busy for an afternoon!
Curtains. My place came with horizontal blinds already installed. I hate them so much but am also too cheap to commit to replacing them since our open concept dining + living area has 4 giant picture windows. And a patio door.
A tattoo. It’s never the wrong answer.
A robot vacuum and an iPad.
I work for a dog rescue that takes street dogs and gets them adopted. They’ve had a lot of pregnant dogs dumped this year which has lead to around 40+ pups alone this year. That’s 40 mouths to vaccinate, spay, neuter along with the other dogs they recover from the street. May of them have I injuries or other sicknesses. They have been having trouble financially sustaining this year because the girl who runs the program does everything herself and doesn’t believe in charging $450+ adoption fees per pet because a lot of times people have to pay for transport for the puppy to make it to them. Id use the money to buy the program more food and other things for the dogs. 500 would cover a lot of food and growing puppies eat like no tomorrow.
I'll pay the other $200
Any major sporting event. I’ve always had at least kind of decent seats, but I’d love for just once to be in a $500 seat behind home plate/ on the glass/ on the 50 yard line
I’d just order a bunch of framed memes of all sizes until I reach 500
My aching body needs a decent hot tub. Have a place for it, just can’t swing it. 63 yo body going downhill fast, just want some relief before i go.
The tools to make custom jewelry and tee shirts.
An ice machine that makes Sonic Ice.
I feel like I need everything in this world rn . I would get me a mentor . Someone who’s had it all figured out in life
I’ve been really wanting a Nintendo Switch to play Mario Kart 💀
A new driver and fitting. Should be close to 500 I can pay the difference lol
Probably drugs.
Books
Hans Zimmer tickets
A second turntable :)
Haven't read all comments but I have yet to see a bidet!!!!
a decent reproduction 1796 pattern cavalry sword, with, waddya call it, the thing that hangs it from the belt? with maybe a nice lanyard with a tassle, and the same for my sabre, and some wall mountings. Nice.
An accoustic bass guitar.
C-c-c-cocaine
Golf balls
Wool socks
Bitcoin
uh. heroin?!
More Starbucks stock
Vr headset
1. $500 worth of TCG 2. $500 towards vacation fund Or 3. $500 towards a dinner out with close family and friends.
A one-time house deep cleaning.
muaic festival/concert tickets to all the ones I want to go to this year.
A refurbished ipad and an iPad case with a keyboard.
I will buy food and things I need to give to some people who need these goods.
A bunch of clothes that don’t fit me….or a new dirtbike
Krispy Kreme donuts. 490.00 worth. 10.00 for milk
Kittens.
There are a pair of cowboy boots on Bootbarn that I’ve wanted since I’ve seen them last year. They’re $400 which I do not plan on buying but I’ve been extremely close to ordering online using Klarna or an Afterpay but I still can’t make myself do it. Do I need them? Not at all. But man, they are badass boots!
Steamdeck.
Some new video games and a therapist session
I nice wristwatch? I have my grandfather's wristwatch but I worry about it.
Can I save it for a year? If so then Switch 2.
Tattoos. I still have some square footage I’d like to finish up before I’m too wrinkly to enjoy it.
More bicycle stuff. Or maybe a basket case motorcycle off marketplace.
PS5
PS5
A new Garmin watch! I have an old forerunner atm, but I want the Venus
A mechanical watch. At that price point, probably a Seiko or a Traska.
Drugs
A pair of $500 shoes
Weed and steaks.
Knife
Weed and pottery glaze....
A decent Resin 3D printer
Beyblades
I'd take two days off work and play ps5 on my 4 day birthday weekend.
Take my girlfriend to a Michelin star meal!
The big and tall computer chair I've been eyeing.
PS5. Been putting it off. So I’d probably get that.
A keyboard
New laptop
A 1x12 guitar amp that’s really light weight
Massage chair
Fanatec CSL DD, so I can continue to be slow around the track 🏁
A new tattoo 💀
Weed probably. I haven’t smoked in a while and I live in a shitty uber Christian red state.
Pokémon cards for the investment
An entry level robo-vacuum, just to try it. Not sure if I could get a decent one that also mops for under $500. Those things get expensive!
Tattoo probably.
3D printer… I think I could get one for that cost
All on black
Another Xbox, for backup
BTC
A gold bracelet... the design I have yet to find (the type of chain and size).
Sending it straight to Milwaukee tool and telling them to surprise me.
Electric scooter
Blackjack and Hookers!
A ticket to see legendary Black opera singer Kathleen Battle's recital at The Metropolitan Opera in May, $100-200 worth of weed, some mead/honey and non-grape fruit wines, and uuuuuuum...some chocolate rugelach (🤤), and uuuuuuum...some stuffed grape leaves (🤤), aaaaaaand some fresh fish for frying, oh and a ticket to go to the Museum of Sex (one of my favorites). There's an exhibit I wanna see that ends on April 14th.
Concert tickets
A cricut maker
JBL boombox 3 I have the small portable one and it sound amazing. I listened to the boombox 3 in Costco and it was insane
These markers that are 170 dollars and additional art supplies.
Guitar
Luxury/designer items because I want to
Clothes, but I actually do need them
scrapbooking supplies. I have well over $500 worth of stuff saved up/liked across stationary websites/Etsy.
A fancy dress I've been wanting.
Tattoos.
500 $1 lottery scratch off tickets
synthesizers
A cruise
A lot of Harris tweed
LOTR Lego set.
I’m still going to buy something I need because I want things I need.
Probably more games on steam I'll barely play
A Bosch mixer.
Hamster cages and supplies, and hamsters.
Disneyland ticket and food there.
My dad actually recently gave me $500 for my birthday. (Hes the type to try and buy your love rather than actually be around) as a SAHM it was awesome to have that money in my account and it be MINE. What did I spend it on? I bought(ordered) my sons birthday cakes for his first birthday party next month. Bought all the decorations i needed, bought lunch for myself, and paid off some credit card debit. Was left with $40 after the day, decided to treat myself with a dispensary run lol
A certain used musical instrument...
A nice new coat
A trip for sure
Whisky. 1 bottle of whisky.
Robot cat litter, more books, some lipstick and highheels I would rarely wear
Surround sound headset and a different microwave! Mine at home is the same model as the one at work!
One of my recent favorite hobbies is going to Goodwill and buying all the pretty dresses in my size. That would probably last me about 6 trips.
Literally just the more exorbitant spending spree at a Comic-Con: Artist Alley, Vendor’s Hall, autographs, the works
A weekend at a gay resort.
Junk food, dark romance books, and a heated blanket! I would also give 100 to my parents to take my son shopping for his favorite snacks❤️❤️❤️
A new pool cue and case. I recently started playing again and I'd love one of my own!
A couch. I have no furniture after scrambling to get my own place so I'm sleeping on a nest on the floor. Oddly comfy but I'd prefer my bed back.
Probably pokemon games for my kids switch and the matching ones for mine so we can trade to completion on our pokedexes. That and alcohol or weed.
High end leather jacket 🧥
More Warhammer minis I'm never going to get to painting.
Lego and a tattoo I have been thinking of getting for a few years now
Down payment for a digital version of my namesake.
Books
Steam Deck. Been wanting to get one, but I know financially, and responsibly at the moment, I shouldn’t until I have everything in place.
Giant skeleton for lawn
The new vr for playstation 5! It's crazy to me that the vr is more expensive than the actual ps5
A drum carder for carding wool.
A surprise instrument for my wife, she casually mentioned out of nowhere (kinda smashed) after a rare night on the town, that she wanted to learn Banjo...so I've been saving for one on the downlow as surprise.
Whole lot of pants
My amazon cart hahahahah
I’d take my family on a road trip & we’d probably do some retail therapy 😆
Car parts. Definitely car parts.
Steam Deck OLED
V-Bucks 🤓
PlayStation 5
I'd spend part on a few video games and then a nice long deep tissue massage focusing on my lower back.
Lumber and hardware to build the Arcade cabinet ive been meaning to build for the last 5 years.
Dyson vacuum
New gaming chair (actually a high-end office chair because gaming chairs are overpriced)
New gpu
Stock
I had a scotch (whiskey) on Thursday night. I quit drinking scotch and moved on to other liquors 20 years ago. I’m not much of a drinker at all, but enjoyed the scotch, so I went out Saturday at bought $700 of scotch (across 5 bottles) just to have if I wanted to have a cocktail every now and again.
A transmission flush. Because im not the original owner.
That mini-bot, forgot what its called. It was a robot that you could interact with.
Fancy gear for hiking, camping and bikepacking!
The giant Lego Hogwarts set.
Laser hair removal
Truffles and red 🍷
A new phone probably?
A decent set of speakers
BOOTS they are only 300 but still
A Nintendo switch and tears of the kingdom.
20 ounces of silver
One of those power wheels cars for my kid, she loves paw patrol and disney cars and could imagine how much fun she would have driving that
I'm adding $400 of my current money and getting that Millennium Falcon lego set.
Transatlantic cruise savings 😆
Sword
Art supplies!
I would go to my local dispensary…
Decent espresso machine
A new desktop computer to replace my ancient pre. I3
A tuner for my Harley. It runs fine, but everything can be improved.
Some sort of internal organ, you just never know.
Every color of yarn (from the same brand and dye lot) I could ever need. That way, all the colors are identical, and I don't have to worry about trying to find the same colors for a long time. Oh, and somewhere to store all this yarn. My craft drawer isn't big enough. I'm thinking a big bookshelf to go along with it.
A Kindle Scribe and an entire cheesecake and a lot of hair products
I want the newest iPhone the 15 Pro. I made the mistake of ordering a smaller iPhone two years ago when I retired. I was trying to be cheap due to retirement. And I really miss the larger size phone. The $500 would ease my guilt at spending the money to buy a new one.
LEGO Ultimate Collector Series Sandcrawler.
New headlights for my car.
A grandfather clock. I always wanted one but can't allow myself to spend that money.
Louboutin flip flops, and a screaming red pedicure. A scalp treatment/massage. (Wait, I do indeed need the second sentence.)
A hooker, and some beers
42u Server Rack.
tickets to the Kentucky Derby (big dream of mine to go)
A dewalt 20v door planer and a dewalt 20v belt sander. I don't need either one but here we are.
Something fandom based on Farscape or Starwars
A punching bag and boxing gloves
Hookers and … just a hooker I guess, the blow will put me over the $500 limit
A night in the next town over. Some primo weed and a surf and turf dinner.
A new phone. Tho my screen is cracked, battery last 3 hours, and I'm stuck on Android 9, it still works which makes a new one an indulgence as it still does what I need it to do. Not sure what I would do with the $200 left over.
Desktop laser cutter.. the $500 would defray the costs and get it bunker a grand. I recently helped my kids with a bunch of cosplay stuff and a laser cutter would have greatly improved the quality and speed I could have created parts.
400 aero bars this reminds of that one time on my tenth birthday (actually was it my tenth? i cant remember)
Meta quest 3. Kinda curious how the movies look in them
Dnd books.
Probably something for my kids. New gaming system or Lego sets (because Gdamn they expensive af) usually these gifts are saved for Christmas so it would be cool to just surprise them with something awesome that is a “just because” gifts
Upgrade my cpu, gpu or motherboard
Chris Reeve Sebenza knife
Another Bernina sewing machine, or maybe the Brother GS2700.
A pair of XR glasses.
Either another tattoo, or a really good spa day. It's a coin toss on which takes preference, but it's been way too long for both.
500 hooker bots.
New clothes
The tv media console I’ve been eyeing on. It’s $499.
Weed
I already have everything I need and want. So I’m going to go with organizational stuff. Or books.
Kitchen aid mixer with alllll attachments
Two nights at a houseboat Airbnb
I would get Costco to cater a lunch for my coworkers. I don't like them THAT much which is why I'd turn to Costco instead of one of my favorite restaurants. I want to say a red Tissot seastar 1000 but I only buy watches when I hit certain mile stones and I haven't earned it yet.
Gaming headset. I have 2 modest 200 dollar ones because I could never justify spending 500
There’s 3 autograph mini helmets I want right now
Plants and decorative planters.
Fancy groceries and high quality cat food for sure
Fancy espresso machine
A nintendo Switch and some games. My son has been interested in Mario / and the Wii lately so would get that so him and I can play together.
Massage… good, deep tissue massages.
Spa day.
A new summer wardrobe.
250 mega millions lottery tickets. If I got lucky with the offer, let's see if I can multiply it
I will make plans and buy cryptocurrencies
New CPU for my PC.
Jewelry. I've never bought myself real jewelry.
A 24v ride on toy for my daughter.
A life sized mareep Pokémon plush
If anything I wanted cost <$500 I'd have it already
A new turntable with a good stylus
Just got a blackstone propane griddle with some extra cash I came into as a birthday gift to myself. It was worth it.
Dogecoin
Eyebrows.
Adding it to what I already have and getting a very good gaming pc so I can finally play Doom Eternal, Helldivers 2, and a variety of other games newer than portal 2
So many random machine parts. I need more linear rail and bolt hardware.
There is a soft, long black hoodie with gorgeous art and it would match my fun patterned leggings. $160. I already have hoodies, but man I see it all the time and think about myself wearing it a lot.
Botox
Casino trip
AirPods Pro max or a tattoo
A camera
Ps5
NFL Blitz arcade unit.
Film Camera lens more books
Ammunition maybe, or some topsoil maybe. Yeah probably like a 50/50 garden blend soil.
A solo weekend trip to Old San Juan.
Probably a trip, a proper swing set for my toddler, and or some Jordans
A bunch of cheap gym equipment from marketplace and maybe an upgrade for my computers.
i would get an iPad. god those things seem so fucking cool for creative people
Cigars or Legos
Another cat toy
Countertop Dishwasher
Hobby stuff! Enjoyment is always though to spend money on if money is tight. I’d buy myself a pizza, grab a movie, and do a Lego set or something.
Roller curtains
Leather jacket. I've always wanted one.
BTC
Another 3D printer. It's a problem
Pottery classes
Ps5
Racing stripes for my car
Books. Lots of books. And book shelves.
A movada bracelet. It’s 49.99 on sale.
As many full body massages as that will get me. Massages are bliss.
Air pods? My wires are fine but airpods woyld be sweet.
3d printer upgrade, i would like to do 5 color print jobs
Vegetable starter plants, thinking I will plant them again this year only for them to die a waterless death
Another Flashlight
Drone
New tattoo!!!
A tattoo
Boooooooooooksssss
Probably some Js
New phone
Helldivers 2 and Destiny 2 the final shape on pc. My finances are strapped to the point that even with Destiny 2's big ass delay and trimming my groceries back to bulk ramen with a fried egg, 50 cent bread, manager special meat, and checking my local food bank for veggies, I'm at an iffy $50 flex right now.
Plants, books, and probably another aquarium 😂
Freeze dried skittles and Grey Goose.
Gold
Transformers figures I can't justify buying for their asking price.
Two chicks, at the same time
A collectable comic book with a high grade. My new thing is buying the books I couldn't afford 25 years ago, or couldn't find because the interwebs didn't have collectable websites that I knew of back then.
Steam deck
Tattoo
Digital projector
Tacos!
One of them super fast off road RC cars. Go to a skate park and launch that sucker 100ft into the air doing flips n shit.
A LEGO Barad-dûr from Lord of the Rings is supposed to release later this year for $500. So probably that.
Custom tapestries for me and my close friends, until the money dries up.
Gun or weights.
A new graphics card. The one I have works fine. It does what I need it to. It runs all the games I wanna play. But a $500 card would be so much better.
Olympus Tough T-7 camera.
I'd probably spend part of it on clothes that actually fit me post weight loss. Maybe I'd use the rest to upgrade my PC.
Steam Deck. I want to get back into gaming.
Botox lol
A purse
iPad for school and an apple pencil. been carrying around my barely working laptop for soo long
What is Tan France’s job in Queer Eye be? Fashion Consultant? I would hire someone like him to help me pick out clothes bc sometimes I feel like I don’t know what looks good on me. I always pick the safe choices and don’t know how to branch out.
New cross country skis
Interstate weekend trip with my partner and baby.
Laptop, or really really cool rocks (the coolest ones are very large and kind of expensive)
The meta 3
Ps5
A tattoo.
Books, Tattoos, Shark FlexStyle. Honestly, there’s a few things I would want. 😂
I’d adopt two cats. I love those furry little fuckers.
A new computer. It’s a want, not a need.
A guitar or a gun most likely🤷‍♂️
Some extra weights and a punching bag/bagstand combo!!!!
An autograph...
An impeller for my jet boat
Oooooo: - Art supplies with mediums I don't really use - Junk Food - Gaming Chair - In-game currency - Those mini atm machines that come with the plastic card - I would probably use that - One of those really expensive ice machines that mold your ice into the shape of a diamond - More squishmallows - A subscription to the New Yorker - More art supplies that I already have - More fake mustaches - Wigs so I can be a master of dis - $500 worth of steak - A suit for my doggo - A puffy dress - Stilettos that I am never going to wear - Pretty marbles - Bags of ice - Socks - Slime and play doh
A Roomba or something like that. My wife loves the idea. Our living spaces really aren't suitable. We agree (grudingly in one case) that it would be a waste if money. This would be an opportunity to make her happy and prove one of us wrong.
A good enough guitar
I'd give it to my sister
Either an Apple Watch or a iPad
Cardboard Crack (Magic: The Gathering cards)
probably upgrade my PC
Steamdeck. I got a gaming pc and ps5 so i cant justify it unless someone gives me 500 and says i have to spend it.
A gpu for 350 mod my switch for 50 and the last 100 I put in pig bank
i would use it to pay off 9% of the money i would owe for the work contract i want to break
sword
2 27 inch monitors for my gaming rig. ...I just bought 2 24 inchers last year that are great as is 🤣
New PC build
One of those vacuum cleaners that also clean and dry the floor.
I’m having a hard enough time finding the money to get things I do need. Screw the rules!
Probably a new phone.
Im buying more weight plates : D 50lb ones
Get some truck repairs done.
Tenacious D concert tickets
Ummm, selfish choice- fragrance. A couple perfumes. But I also enjoy bringing people flowers. That’s, 20 bouquets? A lot of smiles :)
A Nintendo Switch
I would spend it on my husbands outdoor grill that he has been wanting.
Clothes, purses, perfume
Just did. HEMA equipment
Small portable sewing machine for quilt get togethers
Either board games or a tattoo haha
A BedJet
LEGO!!!!! YEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!! I'M GETTIN' A SHIT TON OF LEGO!!!
I would probably buy Batman Beyond #1. They have it at my local comic book store for a couple hundred bucks. Then I would probably pocket the rest and buy buffalo chicken sliders from Arby's.
BTC
Books and calligraphy supplies!
FXAIX
Tattoo!
Another gun or another tattoo
a longer cv axle for my car
A nice 4k monitor to go with my new gaming PC. And maybe a nice mechanical keyboard too
Another pistol.
TFSA or nice pair of heels and some clothes that are on sale :)
I'm buying an engagement ring for my girlfriend
Game items
Well, they have the newer version of the Imalent MS32 flashlight that packs 200,000 lumens. It’s $750 but I’d take $500 off to purchase that!
Airpods max
Pet snake and the tank and equipment for it, either a cornsnake or a hognose
Hookers and blow
Tomahawk Steak at a restaurant. Or on the BBQ.
Tea
Plastic surgery
Weed and sushi.
Gardening work. I want it pretty again. I don’t have the time right now to fix it.
Land
Lotta stuff I need but can't afford, but gun to my head... a tablet. Something to watch videos on during long nights outside.
A really nice fishing reel
A purse
3D models I'm tryna build our D&D Party as 3D models so I can animate moments from our Campaign(s).
pistons for my engine i’m building
Disney tickets
Chainsaw accessories.
This is harder than I thought! It seems like everything I want is something I need. That says something about me. I don't know what, but something.
A couple of my trips to Costco.
Gunpla
Legos
Lithium batteries. I use a lot of AA,s.
Full body wax I wanna be smooth af
Skis
NAS with drives
A new LED grow light for my garden seedlings. Yes, a garden. In my yard. In full view. Not that type of garden.
A Stundenglass Gravity Infuser.
A therapist
10G Ethernet switch.
Cats, candy and as much soda as possible.
Pc parts or something for my fiancé.
Whiskey. A couple bottle of the good stuff.
Lego
A plane ticket to see my partner while he’s on a detachment in the military.
Weed. I quit smoking years ago. But I'd buy $500 worth of weed vape cartridges and a battery for it (they device you screw it onto to use it).
New gpu and monitor prolly
Art/crafting/drafting table so I can have a proper space to do my hobbies. I would love that
A decent non smart watch. Always liked the Citizen Blue Angels watch but having my phone with me all the time and a smart watch, a normal watch becomes unnecessary.
A commercial ice machine…it would have to be on sale lol
Custom running boards for my truck.
More video games and booze it is
Trim pieces or a backseat for my 69 Impala. I mean, it's not my daily driver, so I don't need them those things, but, the car could really use them.
The ice maker that makes Sonic ice cream
Gun
Wood for making things that I also don’t need
A decent piano keyboard set up. I’ve been wanting to learn piano
Salt water taffy. I'm a man who likes his taffy.
A new cellphone for my wife, hers is so old it barely holds any charge, and barely have any internal memory, but she won't buy a new one until it bricks, and it annoys me.
New arrows
Dirt and seed for my lawn.
A Lego set and a copy of the HZD board game
Ps5
That happened just a few months ago.. the answer is Quest 3. Awesome!
Leg of lamb, king Crab legs and lottery tickets.
Clothes, video game
Toys
Another guitar or a Modelling amp
A Shark Flex Styler ($350) and the rest on hair products.
Ps4 and some games.
Food for Kittens!
Pocket knives
An Anova Chamber Vacuum sealer.
250 powerball tickets.
An L shaped home office desk with lights and plug ins and tiered levels for monitors. $500 would put me at double my current budget so it’d be fancy. However, since it’s a want and not a need I just look them up on amazon, read the reviews, and don’t purchase.
Nintendo Switch for my kid, with some games.
Glock 30
An overpriced knife I want but can’t buy myself right now.
Pokemon cards.
Remote starter for my car.
New cycling shoes for sure
Books. There are textbooks that interest me but the price is just too much.
a lot of balloons and would launch them into the air
Furry art commissions
lottery tickets
I love seeing $500 and people posting stuff over $500. LoL.
There’s nothing I want that I can’t or haven’t bought myself already
A very nice wig. I have holes in my skull so I must keep my hair buzzed short. Good wigs are expensive.
Upvote for the username
Get a gofundme going. I think this thing gets funded! I’m in
Can you use drinking straws for now?
r/usernamechecksout
Sadly it seems cheaper to fly than bus most places nowadays. I did once greyhound from Northern Oregon to Southern Florida. Only scary spot was the LAX stop st night. Unlocking barbwire fences and the busses were overbooked and there were multiple lines, if you weren't quick and savvy you and your luggage was about to spend the night in the wrong neighborhood. Oh shit, and wandering around Houston by the greyhound stop was something. It didn't feel scary in the same sense but I knew to tread lightly and don't stare while trying to people watch . Being a tiny white boy I had some dude basically escort me and show me the hood, saw some dude stealing sodas through a fence and selling them at discount, bought a grape wild Irish rose for me and the volunteer bodyguard, chilled and it was weird. It felt more like functional ghetto whereas LA gave a sense of dread but maybe it was a combination of time of day, circumstances and all that
RIP Greyhound.
Gonna be a shitty motel
I used $64 dollars for a greyhound ticket from Minneapolis, Minnesota to Seattle Washington.
Kind of the same, a small trip of some sort that I can get to by car.
That sounds fun. While playing music in my ears 😫
This is epic
Hugh; to
That sounds like an awful experience, but probably because i only know LA and SD greyhound and motels.
Sounds like you need that trip more than you realize
Sorry sir. Your living in the 90s. Greyhound is extinct.
I did a cross-country greyhound trip with my best friend (20) a year after her sister did it with her best friend. We had a cache of drugs/pot (January 1977) and visited friends and family in Phoenix, Dana Point and Studio City. We went to Disneyland and the San Diego Zoo and saw a taping of Name That Tune. It was a blast...we had like 6 pieces of luggage sprawled out in the back seats of the bus. Her family were musicians and I had bought an awesome "boom box" and we entertained the whole bus with rock & roll music . Having said that, there were people who, with their last $50 and only the clothes on their back were tossing their cookies in the bathroom. 🤢 We can say we had been there, done that and got the T shirt!
This is the correct answer. I'd kill to get one of those
There are so many choices and so many fake review sites, it's hard to figure out which one is best. Their biggest issue is that many of them come with things you need to replace ($$$) and only that brand makes it. Like hell I'm doing that.
So worth it.
I got one for my kitty years ago and she refused to use it!
Omg why didn’t I think of this?! Yessss it would make life so much easier and less stinky lol
They’re more than $500 though Have an LR4, not sure I’d buy it again
We bought one during covid. I love it so much I’m thinking of buying a backup in case it stops working someday…. it is a game changer just emptying it once a week and adding some litter and completely cleaning occasionally.
You know great point and I’ve been aching to pull the trigger on an automatic litter machine too but not one of them have good reviews online. All of them top out at like 4 star reviews and for like $500-700 spent, the amount of failures being reported by users doesn’t instill confidence.
I had one. Recently donated it. My cat was actively doing his business when the LR decided to rotate on him. He never used it again.
My old grumpy cat hated it and refused to go inside it. He started going next to it or on the couch. We had to switch back and sell it at a loss. 😭
I’ve had my litter robot 3 for, um 4 years now.. running strong, really nice product, life changing.. 10/10
i was trying to think of something for myself but you're right, this is it.
Same! Give me the Rivendell set!
Lego sets? Plural? It’s only $500, be realistic…
A big star wars lego set. I'd probly have to pitch in a little.
This is the only answer. I’m heading to Disney World next month, and I get 10% off at the Lego store in Disney Springs, plus I bought Disney gift cards for 5% off at Target and I’m trying to decide between the new Batman: The Animated Series skyline set, and the Batcave Shadow Box set. My dilemma would disappear if someone handed me an extra $500.
🥹 yes please.
I just posted this.
Right now I think I'd go with the Bowser set and the Concorde set
umm lamborghini sián+something random
Would give me a $500 credit towards the Venator… or maybe I do that rebuild of hulkbuster… there’s a lot of options
I'd need that plus like 200 bucks for the Titanic set I want.
You know I’ve hit the lottery when you see the $600 fully furnished Simpsons house Lego set on my shelf.
I’ve got 2 sets that I haven’t even opened yet that I got last year. One. The bugs set. I bought for myself. The other is “The Wave” which my husband bought me for the holidays. I’m running out of room for them!😅
Everyone wants Lego!
Everytime someone brings up the cost of LEGO I always plug /r/lepin Bootlego is frequently indistinguishable from real LEGO nowadays and is literally 1/3 the cost. Example, you can find the Rivendell set on AliExpress for $156 from multiple sellers. I mostly stopped buying Lego years ago and couldn’t be happier. Right now I’m building Starry Night, and I just finished the BTTF Delorean. Both are perfect quality.
Yep . And building them up for hours and hours
Came here to say this lol.
I want the Taj Mahal one but have nowhere to put it in my apartment
Yep Lego tall neck from Horizon Zero Dawn
I’ve lost two clothing sizes, and have been replacing clothes as the seasons change. $500 would be fun to run with
Stonks! 📈📈📉😂
Half a Nvidia share
Put it all in RDDT!
You could just flush it down the drain too
If it's loose just tighten it up boiiiiii.
That rules out my bears.
Haha, wym? Lucky if you get 2 nosebleeds. My home team isn't even good and that's how much I paid last season for the worst of the worst seats
Same!
That’s sweet. I’m one that needs groceries currently so that tugged on my heart strings
Well isn’t your kind adorable
Same but that’s more of a need.
Depression?
Rivendell
Lions Knight Castle, please.
Oh yeaaaa
I want that motorized lighthouse so bad
Lego
Mine would be the Dyson airwrap
Not just any weed, the good weed!
This... I hate cleaning... I still do it... but to not have to would be nice.
r/foundthesecretrocketscientist
WHAT a beautiful world that would be! Glitter is the best
Glitter is the herpes of art supplies.
Yes yes 👏
You won’t regret it! My favorite!
Do it. I just did and it’s 100% worth it
I've been eyeballing a Steam deck for a while now.
I didn't think it was a need until I had one. If it breaks I literally need a new one
Yeah I was thinking a wii
That's what my wife just did after selling junk in our carport.
It is on my list too, I keep thinking about getting one (I do 3d printing alot) but can't quite justify it yet.
Pretty good choice, didn't know they've become that cheap. If the ammount was tenfold that might've been the pocket NC.
Yeah, me too. Or maybe a mandolin.
Gold Tone AC-100 is a great starter banjo for $250. Do it.
Blendtec is just as great.
Those little pb&j things help more than hot food because if you can't eat at the moment it keeps better. Or a sandwich or a burrito. Speaking as someone that's been homeless until this year
"One art, please."
Same, but on scratchers. At least I’ll come out with something, even if it’s $10. And if I’m lucky, more.
So, $500 down the drain.
Sadly, I can't choose this answer haha
I bet if you win money you buy even more lottery tickets, right? Until you own the whole lottery?! Great plan!
It's so nice to see other people who find happiness in lego
Years ago this would have been my answer. I miss getting tattoos
This answer resonates with me
You can get a decent hooker for $500. Not the best, but decent. Much better than using it for lottery tickets
SPY
in order to keep the value of the $ you earn you kind of need to park it somewhere; unfortunately thats the hard truth when you mass print money like its wall paper.
Nice! I would probably get a kill switch for my Jeep or a dash cam, or mirrors so I can take off my front doors
It’s what’s for dinner
You could get a lot of Arby's for $500... We have the meats!!
super many pies or just one large pie?
Username checks out!
Friend, I don’t think that’s enough.
Check out your local funeral home obituaries. Any man that is called " handy", watch for the estate sale. I picked up a beast of a table saw, a miter saw and a drill press for under $100.
Amouage is a good place to start for good scent.
Just in case you run out of art supplies?
I can’t imagine what kind of hardware store you can get for 500 bucks
I would get a nice laser peel or some Botox.
Smart paying for parts and installation at the same time.
Mine would be Pokemon cards. Probably not that many either if I got old sets.
My son would say the same. He wants that Appleton and that HUGE Wailord.
Yes, yes you do need 4...maybe 5?
Sucks cause I wanted a canvas tent, but the size I want is well over $500. So I settled for a cabin tent that was on sale during the holidays.
I hate seeing how nice the tents they hand out to the homeless here, as someone living paycheck to paycheck barely affording rent but loves camping
First take care of head
I see what you did there. But I had to use my magnifying glass.
Why not get a bunch of bullets for your existing guns? (Honest question, I'm not a gun guy)
Check out PSA's website
Lots of fun and useful .22 LR under $500
Not for $500
Harbor Freight?
ECT
Not getting much for $500!
I think the ps5 would use up the whole five hundred.
I will make some amazing beef stew for like $25.
Buy the sifting litter box. Takes about 30 seconds to use the sifting tray.
Hooker and blow $500 doesn't get you multiple hookers these days sadly
So what, about 15 minutes worth?
I just bought the hoover wind tunnel pet max for under $200. This thing has an attachment for fur removal that will change your life.
You’ll poke your eye out.
Mylar or latex?
Piece of shit.
I really need to start reading usernames tbh🤣
I'd kick in.
Oh, I'm talking about  types of covers!
Greyhound stops can be wayyy more scary than any airport I've ever been in.
That Houston bus stop is wild. The McDonald's across the street is even more wild. The prison drops a lot of people off there and they just stay because they have nowhere to go. It's being relocated to somewhere outside of the downtown area.
Going from Sacramento to LA, I had a guy try to rob me for my shoes. He and 3 or 4 of his buddies. I'm no badass, but at 19 I could throw hands pretty good. I got my ass handed to me, but I still had my shoes and other bags. Those geniuses did run off with a bag of trash I was on my way to toss.
I went from El Paso to Seattle when I was a wee lass of 18 (100lb soaking wet) and LAX was the only time I felt uncomfortable. It was like Mad Max.
Yes, downtown L.A. and all of the bus depots were scary shit.
It's like when you're face to face with a wild animal. In most cases, you only need to worry if you show fear. I'm a nightowl, so I'll walk the streets at 2 am. in very similar places, and I've never had an issue.
lol sorry, my humor is trash, I meant my hammock…I don’t think that comes with amenities, but it’s my 5 star experience.
Today’s youth is so respectful. I suppose we have flying cars by now then eh? Why back in my day, I had to hitchhike to the mountains and could only finish the last stretch by dogsled, eight miles uphill and in the snow!
One of my cats is to big :(
Wife and I have a litter robot we had first gen and tbh it started getting litter in books and crannies and it was a pain to clean but it ran fine for 2 years. We recently got newest model and have had 0 issues it is awesome. Such a time save highly recommend. We started with that auto one that uses crystals and that thing was awful don’t get one of those cheaper ones.
My ex had one; I now have a cat and don't have it. I miss it and want one again
I’m in my mid-30s and legitimately counting down until my birthday because I can’t justify spending money on frivolous stuff right now.
Jazz club for me. Or natural history museum- site of first date with my wife
OMG stop adding to my wishlist 😂😂😂😂
I think the most expensive one I want is around $170 and the rest are under $100, some under $50. I’ve thought this out.
I want the succulents, the dried flowers and dragon
The republic gunship has been a dream of mine since I was a kid
Definitely my first thought. Throw $500 at that ultimate Falcon and pay the difference out of pocket.
I just think it’s so cool that there’s something for everyone!
Yeah that’s a dilemma for me… batcave box or Venator… whenever I have money ofc😅
Great minds think alike!
Oooh, those look nice. I’m usually into architecture/travel and botanical, but I’m thinking about branching into cars (I just built the Vespa and want to build the fiat) or those three in one sets of animals.
There’s a smaller one. I also saw one of agrabah from Disney’s Aladdin
good for you, well done! I’m finally at that beautiful stage of life where I only have ONE size of clothing in my closet! I’d so love to build a real wardrobe.
One of the best feelings in life is clothes shopping without a budget
BFCH baby!!!! To the earths core!!!
Seriously? Shit is absolutely out of hand. I guess it’s gonna be the Caleb Williams tax
Come watch a CFL game with 9 other people
You know you’re right. I guess I’m spoiled in Minneapolis. But then again, I did pay 150 apiece for nosebleeds there before fees. Throw in a couple of beers and a brat and I’m totally at 500. If I had to park, it would be 550 for sure.
username checks out.
Someone get this man some Jim Beam We havecscience that needs doing!
birthday party coming up
I'm working on a city and have a large custom canal street I'm working on personally. But that is a good set.
Honestly, if I had more spending money regularly, I'd definitely do a Lego castle display. All the castles. All the bricklink designer program sets. Everything.
Oh same! That thing looks so good.
Sure. I know that. You know that. But the average person does't. So for their sake, I pluralized it
LEGO bricks. Not Legos. Not Lego. LEGO is used as an adjective.
i’ve been saving up for a Dyson sphere for like, millennia
Ofc, only the finest selection
I love mine to bits. Gave up my switch for it, said no to a ps5, and never looked back.
Buddy a wii is useless right now. I mean if you want one get one! But i took mine to the used game store in the mall and they wouldnt even pay me for it. Wii's are being given away! Serious go to your local second hand game shop and get a wii!!!!
I scratch-build models and use a lot of 3D printed parts. I'd love the CNC, not least for accurate paint masks.
Hey, congratulations on getting out!
In my town, there's this guy who parks himself on a stool at the sports bar each Friday evening with a Rolling Rock and a stack of scratchers. He sits there, quietly pulls from his beer, scratches his lotto tickets, pays, and leaves.
Which you can then spend on more scratch tickets until the money's gone
I don't know why more people don't do it.
With $500 you could get the fancy CMM side mirrors. They’re….awesome.
🤦🏼‍♂️ my first time reading words. Can anyone identify?
Maybe there’s a Lego set or builder kit?
Technically, there is no MSRP, so it's impossible to know\ (Though they have been known to sell for nearly 2 million)
Oh 🤣 maybe yes
lol yeah! You can’t install parts without beer.
Maybe something bigger for the boys and the gear. 2 rooms? Hmmm.
I'd love one of those. Space and weight is usually a consideration. Use that thing!
I hear what you're saying. These are what I've built up over the years. If your local Collage or University has an outdoor program, they may rent equipment for a reasonable price. Keep going at it!
Inverted cock after my $500
Ammo was my answer.
If you don’t have a 10/22 that would be the perfect time to get one.
Damn, you are right, I misread the figure! 😅
for some reason I thought that said a lot more than $500. OK.. for $500 I could just about pay my bills so wouldn't waste it on stuff I don't need :D
You’re forgetting the $500 my second personality is getting.
Haha yup would about fill the tanks of my 68 piper Cherokee 235..
Those are cool as hell.
Oh!. Nice!
Oh wow didn’t realise they cost so much! Is it not just a sheet of plastic?
There's so many pretty designs!! How can you choose just one? I'd need like 5 of them!
Holy shit, that's cool!
Whaaaat those are amazing!
Damn. Those are awesome.
Wow that’s expensive. Do people usually buy several and swap them out?
Those are awesome
So cool!!!! That’d be BAD ASS
These are so cool.
I really thought you meant the plastic beads we had on our bike wheels in the 80s. I still remember how noisy they were and couldn't imagine why you would want that all the time.
They’re so aero, wonder if would work on my bike
My son would love these if they had Dragon Ball Z.
I’m not gonna lie, those are pretty badass. I’d put money towards your gofundme
Lol 😆, they're often in the worst parts of cities, and the stations when they have them, as stated previously, are where paroles are often dropped off. And often, they're just gross. Had a few scary experiences back in the day.
Truth! My daughter used to bus home from college for holidays, and we always made sure we were there waiting for her when she arrived. I got propositioned while sitting in the waiting room - with my husband sitting right next to me, and my nearly grown son on the other side of me. Used the bathroom there ONCE.
It’s where basic trainees are dropped off to go to San Antonio. Wild place, fr
I couldn't remember if it was McDonald's or a chicken place, regardless I dodged it and went to the convenience store with the dudes sneaking their arms through the fence
Hey. One man’s trash is another man’s treasure
Okay so that place really is just a bad energy
I was a naive af 18 year old traveling alone from SLC to Southern California. LA bus depot was what made me swear to never take Greyhound again.
I get it, plain ol campfire and a lawn chair works for me
If you're in a living situation that will allow for it, I can strongly vouch for/recommended a "catio." Haven't had to deal with a litterbox in years, and the cat/local wildlife are safe!
Yeah, I’ve got the robot 4 and it’s incredible. Except one of the cats is too dumb to use it. He just puts his front paws in the dirt and poops on the steps. We don’t let him use it anymore, but it is awesome for the smart cat!
Same boat here
I’m big into Lego, but couldn’t justify the cost. Check out r/lepin sub, a ton of the Lego knockoffs are the exact same thing as the real deal.
Smart. Meanwhile I need to be firmly escorted from the lego store by my wife before I imperil our financial future
I’ve done the first two. I really like the dried flowers a lot more than I thought I would. I wasn’t as big a fan of the succulents.
Go for the Venator. She’s a beauty. Great build and looks amazing in reality. The pictures do it no justice.
Thank you! It is especially fun since I no longer just need work jeans, basic tees and barn clothes. Kinda a renaissance in my closet. 😅 I’m currently really wanting this one particular dress. But I can’t justify it yet, since we don’t go anywhere that I would need to wear it. I am thinking maybe as a little gift to myself for losing another few inches. Or if I actually go through with surgery later this year
Baker mayfield 2.0 just watch
Better answer than I was expecting!
I saw a built display set at legoland and it's stunning
I am an average person then I thought it was Legos lol
I am a grown-ass legophile and I still call it Legos, because it just sounds better.
Anywhere outside of the USA knows this.
Don't waste your time. I'm looking to harness a black hole for my energy needs
They’re obsolete sure, but they’re still fun. If I had a tv I’d have mine hooked up because Wii Music slaps
My purpose would be leather costume armor (I make horns already)
Thank you. It's been rough but I'm no stranger to hard work. Just have terrible credit from helping out my brother for money he didn't even need. Fucker lied to us all
Wonder if he's ever won anything. I always wanted to just dump 100 bucks on the lottery and just see what happens. I know it's not the same as scratch tickets - but I wonder if I'd at least break even.
I'm not a heavy-duty camper, mainly just renaissance festivals and a few state parks. But I definitely use my tents! Last one lasted me 10 years maybe? Hopefully this one was a good investment.
My ex had an innie, it looked like a belly button buried in fur.
Agreed. It should be in everyone’s collection
Or if you have a 10/22 a cz457. It’s been in my cart so many times.
These particular ones are fancy because they're made to order, and all the art is done by renowned artists. It's scratch proof and waterproof as well. I'm sure there are others, but these are the first ones I found, and I fell in love. I'm poor, but a girl can dream 🩵
I know! So many gorgeous patterns!! They're so beautiful.
This is generally what pretty ones cost in my currency, yeah. If people can afford to, I'm sure they would buy a couple sets to swap out. The rest of us would be ecstatic with just one, though!
I also recently found  that might have something he likes! They also ship internationally.
I thought the San Antonio stop was surrounded by nice architecture and chill vibes. Houston was a ghetto but it advertised as such so I knew how to carry
I am half convinced that I survived because I was carrying my dad’s old rucksack, so I had a pack with a ranger patch on it. Never mind the fact that at that point, no female army rangers had ever existed.
It's been really reassuring how even frequent users of greyhound are like no that place is the worst. It genuinely felt like a movie depiction of a bad place
I’m really working on improving the cost effectiveness of my Lego choices.
gonna be a banger!
I've been dying to go to Legoland. But fixed income with disability basically makes that impossible. :(
My kind of person.
That may be true. But since I've never been anywhere else, I can only use what I know.
Sure, what ibwas trying to say is not that the wii sucks, just that you can get one without having a $500 magic money gift
Dude, fuck your "brother!" I hope he's not part of the family anymore.
We did a pool at one of my old jobs when the Mega Millions was still $1/line. We got 181 lines and won $4...
Sounds like you take care of your gear. However you use it is absolutely right.
That’s wheelie cool!!
Would 3D Printing be an option for those? There might be an up and coming artists with a 3D Printer that might want to get some practice in!
I'm convinced if I didn't pick the right line (I switched and cut, played it hard, saw a lot of people get left behind) I'd still be there and be an awful person or I'd be dead
Wii emulation on PC is solid, too. I got my Wii sports fix a while ago.
My literal blood brother. He also gave me several head injuries and tried to kill me, so that was fun. I am cutting off my whole family from my life as soon as I get my cat back because they manipulated me into giving money to them when they already had rehomed her. It took me starting a civil suit to realize I was serious as heck and me almost crying in front of the judge
Hey! Cool it!
Take your up vote n go
Hmm, I'm not sure! I'd have to look into that. Time to do some research! Thanks for that, though!
It's been a rough few years
You’re very welcome! I hope you find someone! And please share if you do!
I'm not aware of any process that can 3D print graphic designs, but you can probably get something like an acrylic sheet cut into shape, get a painting going on yourself or with a friend (easy to paint even with water colour, fine sand with 400 grit to get a better contact surface) then cover it with metal / automotive rattle can lacquer to make it waterproof and protected from scratch. Wet sand it with finer and finer grit to get a smooth, glossy finish. As for how to mount it, you can probably screw in generic spoke mounts on the back. It can be a challenge to make em from scratch but you get complete flexibility and fun.
I am sending you positive vibes ( to you and your kitty )
Thank you, I appreciate it.
Hermits: what do you do at home all day?
Read books, play video games, watch movies/shows, do creative things
I'm not home all day; I'm out and about, just avoiding contact with people.
None of your business. Get off my lawn.
Working.
Pirate all kinds of media and collect money off ad site/views and clicks meanwhile bingeing movies/shows, eating sushi and drinking booze
Eat, study, teach, eat, sleep, repeat
Long working hours (I work remote), meditation, cooking, reading, and spirituality.
Watch TV, play games, play on my phone, and chill with my cat
Play word games on my phone, watch Lifetime Movie Network. Babysit the dogs.
i read or play video games or watch stuff or slip into alternate universes i’ve created in my mind where i live alternate lives
Gaming, watching YouTube , drawing or listening to music waiting on the day to pass for another day of same thing.
Currently, I'm compiling posts and comments for a Reddit video...
this sounds pretty cool. who wants to live in reality anyway
Men of reddit: Where is the most unconventional place you’ve masturbated?
New Jersey
Boat deck of a Canadian destroyer between Hawaii and San Diego in the late 80's.
Church alter
In front of an ATM machine. It never occurred to me that there might be a camera in there.
On the roof in broad daylight. I used the shampoo as lubricant. No good ideas existed at that particular time. Speaking of time. I "got off" at least 5 times.
At a sleepover when I was 14 with 4 other dudes in the same room
On the road, stick shift in one hand dick shift in the other
At work while on a zoom call
On a golf cart at a golf course.
While driving
Sir I have to ask..how and why?
How ? During the mass ?
Were there not others watching ? Sounds like a fuck you to destructive forces of nature 😂
Are you an exhibitionist ?
It was a night time transit and the boat deck (as were the upper decks in general) were kept dark. It was a nice warm night and I was feeling restless and couldn't sleep. It was just around midnight and I went topside to get some air. Things started stirring and one thing lead to another...
I was 12 and my developing pre-frontal cortex at the time decided that it was a good time and place... This happened about 18 years ago. If any of my neighbors did see it; none of them have ever brought it up to date...
Ahh I get it , thanks for the reply !
Ahh makes sense , thanks for the reply !
What is the best way to generate money than buy assets?
Lend money
What moments in your life have really terrified you?
Getting my ring and pinky fingers cut off
My first panic attack.
My childhood
My car's accident (where a truck crushed my car but i left alive somehow)
Discovering my Wi-Fi was down... during a Netflix cliffhanger.
Why? May you tell us, please?
It was full of trauma Neglect emotional terror etc
Im sorry(
Thank you :)
If you become suddenly rich, what would you do of your life afterwards ?
Become PM and restart the British empire
Honestly, I'd just buy more legos. I'd go on more day trips to national parks near me. Buy more books. But things wouldn't change too much.
Live like a boss, start my own company, buy land, get married and move on with life.
Retire and get some puppies and a house in the woods.
I'd pretend I haven't become rich, and live my life like I was doing up until that point. just giving myself a bit more gifts and treats
With all the colonization implied ? (Indians, Aborigenese, Palestine...)
I wasn’t serious But no, just integrating the commonwealth into the United Kingdom as constituent countries I guess
What is the weirdest superstition, beliefs, or tradition from your culture?
If you put both palms of your hand on top of your head, your parents would die. I’m an orphan now so i get to do that all the time without worrying anymore
If you don’t look the other person in the eye while clinking glasses you’ll have 7 years of bad sex
If you're coming from a wake or a dead person's house, you should not go home directly but should stop in some place -- like a park or a store -- where you'll leave the bad juju behind.
If you bring up the fact that the baseball game so far is a no-hitter, the next batter will get a hit and your friends will talk to you for a month
men of reddit. What's something women think men find attractive that isn't?
Duck lips.
Absurdly long fake nails.
Having a body thats waaay out of proprtions and doing a lot of plastic surgery.
Heavy makeup, some might like it but I'm willing to bet many don't
'If you can't take me at my worst..." Ladies, we need to care about you before we accept your breakdowns.
Fake eyelashes. Just stop wasting your money ladies. You look weird with them.
Drawn on eyebrows.
This question getting asked on a weekly basis.
Fake eyelashes and septum piercings
Lip filler
Duck lips, fake boobs fake tan, being skinny loads of make-up drawn on eyebrows
asking the same things again and again.
Huge booty.
Septum peircings. If YOU like them personally, that's great 👍 but it's just a personal preference.
i know this will be controversial but for me it's pantyhose. I just prefer to see the legs.
Games, like playing hard to get and the likes.
For me, I don’t like fake; fake eyelashes, fake nails, excessive makeup, dyed hair, etc. Just be natural. A little makeup is okay, but I want to wake up next to the face I had dinner with the night before. Makeup can completely change your appearance.
That cat eye extended eye liner thing they do.
This fake hourglass-shaped body many women strive for.
Nose rings
as a woman i find this shocking, but some are very understandable but i do disagree with some points very strongly
Pretending to be physically weaker than they are doing a task, and giving false compliments on strength when we complete said task. Just because there are a lot of posts about how males never ever get compliments (which is totally true.) doesn't mean we want a pre-determined backhander of a compliment.
We are animals, and therefore, men follow primal instincts, we don't follow the latest social media and style trends when it comes to finding a woman attractive. Oversized and out of proportion boobs are overrated. I often think that men who like oversized plastic boobs are those who almost never see a pair of boobs in real life. A handful is enough. Pouting, shaking your bum, dancing like a stripper, extremely long nails, is not meant to attract a decent man. If you always dress like a stripper, be prepared to attract men looking for a good time, not a long time...
Twerking Cumbrella eyelashes
Aviators
Lip fillers. Looks awful.
Tattoos and piercings.
Women have told me being the manly man is off putting
septum piercings, they're the new karen haircut.
High heels
Lip liner
Excessive makeup. If you're not pretty without makeup, you're not pretty full stop. I don't need anything special on my face to be a handsome man 🤷‍♂️
Crop tops
Quack?
A million times this!!
Making the duck lips gesture is hot. Injecting the lips so they look like balloons is not
Would be my answer as well
For real!
Septum piercings just make me think of a cow
>being skinny I mean do you know some people are just naturally like that and can't help it? All skinny women are not necessarily suffering from an eating disorder or something
What shape is attractive then?
🤨 What would you rather have then?
thats utterly wild.
?? I find them hot tbh
>If you're not pretty without makeup, you're not pretty full stop. You sound like the type of guy who showers his woman with compliments
I wear crop tops sometimes and guys like them
Are you even a guy? Anyhow they’re non-negotiable, I luv em
Ofc intelligence is attractive, being a dick or arrogant about it isn't
While there are guys who want dumb women, those aren’t the kinds I’d want to be with, and there are many guys who would want an intelligent woman
Wtf?!
Human women. You’re fine.
I second that
No shit but alot of women are trying to get to this so called perfect size that they see on social media and TV when In fact they are beautiful just the way they are.
Natural ones, excluding obesity. This whole 'kardashian build' is just unattractive to me, it looks like they have asses and breasts of someone 50kg heavier than them. It's sickening to see it as the go to shape especially young women strive for and even pay for BBL and shit like that.
Something that doesn't include surgeons. I like natural curves or, in contrast, a petite build. Everything except obesity can look fine in my eyes.
Yes, we do.
Never has there ever been a revealing piece on a woman that not at least some guys like
Intelligence makes it more difficult for the woman to fall for his bullshit. He does not like that
Thanks.
Yes but do you know some women are just naturally skinny? I can think of many women who are skinny and healthy. It's not like every woman was born with curves and everything.
Ohh I see what you’re saying, it might be confusing for women given that hourglass is a real body type but you mean the fake ones yeah I get you
Fair
I agree with this person. Natural is superior to augmented. I could understand wanting Invisalign or if it's really something you don't like about yourself, rhinoplasty. Fake boobs aren't nice to the touch and defy physics in bed, BBL is plain ridiculous (does sex with an average sized man become more difficult with that badonkadonk?). Healthy, natural body types are the most attractive. Not skinny like a twig, not obese
Sounds plausibel
Wtf! You speak English?
Again no shit my sister is very skinny naturally but what I'm saying is most women think that's what men want when in fact most do not
Oh yeah I'll edit my initial comment for clarity
Only while other ducks are asleep.
Okay I get you.
women of reddit. What's something men think women find attractive that isn't?
It’s only desperate men who do this, but unsolicited dick pics.
Egoistically showing off. I just want to see you, not who you think you should be.
Being very muscular and thinking their physical attractiveness is all it takes. At least for me. I just assume you're full of yourself.
Dick pics… stopppp it
Dick pics....or large penis'. Not attractive the way men have been led to believe because of porn.
Playing hard to get.
Tattoos
the i am a big shot persona
I’m older. Do younger guys really send those to women nowadays? Seems really dumb.
Basic peacocking; it's coded into our dna.
I was going to comment this. I do not mind the working out, but big muscles and saying they’re confident when they’re just being an asshole.
Thank God, I like to workout but I like pizza and tacos more.
I used to get them all the time. No idea why some do this. So many women complain about it that you’d think they’d be smarter than that. I think the ones who do it just don’t care.
Nowadays? been getting those from when social media first started
Well I have not been single for almost 40 years. So I’m a bit out of circulation. Just seems weird.
it is weird
what’s the best and fastest way for a teenager to gain weight ?
To grow old! Only time will help
Eat more, move less.
Eat more food.
Eat
Get pregnant
peanut butter
don't worry about it. If you try to gain weight now, you'll be a fat pig by the time you're 40
Drinks milk olive oil massgainer. Easier to drink than eat when full.
dammit i’m a guy 😔
What weird thing do you do only when you're alone?
My first language is Russian. For many years, I’ve been talking to myself in English as an exercise whenever I’m alone. I just choose a topic and start discussing it with myself. My goal was to teach my brain to think in English and to switch between languages on the fly. This goal has been successfully achieved long ago, but the habit remains.
I talk to myself.
Sit upside down with my head on the floor!
I practice my RDLs
Climb the stairs in bear form.
Walk in circle while talking to myself.
TWO THREE FOUR
My first language was Punjabi even though I’m born and bred England (no English in the house rule growing up) and when I take to myself I still talk to myself in Punjabi and not English. Also, I practice my squats while brushing my teeth
having full on conversations with myself.
put on my headphones and dance while I imagine myself in edits or different scenarios 😭
Watch dateline. It’s ALWAYS the husband
Narrate my life in a Morgan Freeman voice, dramatically.
Not weird buddy!! All language learners do this you're not alone...btw yo English seems already percent (from yo post)
I do it in snake form tbh.
Glad I’m not the only one 😂
What is the most stupidly awkward thing you remember from your teenage ?
Acne
Mine is being asked to stand up in front of the whole class while i had a full on boner ! Still haunts me at nights sometimes
From my teeanage what?
Losing my virginity. Barely got it in and started to cum
Awkward that your folks commented on them ?
People who are usually nice and calm, what made you snap?
There's only one thing that makes me snap: it's putting hands on me. I can handle being yelled at. I can handle being cursed out. Hell, I can handle being threatened. But put your hands on me, and I go full red-hot black-out rage. I have to be stopped. I go feral in my self-defense.
I haven't snapped yet, but I am afraid for when I do. I have come close a few times.
After 2 weeks school (due to a musical we did in school), and way too few sleep I had one fucking day of relaxing, my mother came in was like "how can you lay in bed/play comuter instead of trying to get a job?" ONE DAY OF RELAXING ONE FUCKING DAY! If I hadn't out of there one of us had been injured and spoiler, it wouldn't have been me.
pushing my buttons thinking I was gonna joke and be nice every time. Ive stopped letting people walk all over me.
Being treated like a stupid
People that had their first realtionship late, how did you "survive" until then?
What counts as late?
I became a vigilante
I am going insane bruh
By eating, breathing, drinking water, peeing and pooping.
Eat every day and drink water regularly. If you forget to drink water you can die in 3 days, so this is a no-no if you want to survive
I had hobbies and social anxiety. Being alone has been and is still my jam.
Survived? More like thrived in my solo, snack-filled paradise.
By breathing, eating and drinking and earning some money to pay for the food and drinks. In all seriousness, feeling lonely was tough. But I didn't really get frustrated until age 25. The next few years, I was so busy with it that I am sure that I annoyed the h\\\ out of people. That was probably the hardest time. After a while I tried to find rest with it. Enjoy bachelor life and living on my own, going out with friends, having fun at my job. Problem was, I still felt lonely at home. After some time, I got itchy again and decide to try another dating site (two other ones had failed me miserably). And there I met my wife, at age 27. Boom. If the frustrated years taught me anything, it is that most people who try to give you advice about it are talking bullocks. The one says: "Do what I do!" without even realising that might not be your thing. The other one says: "Just wait and it will happen all by itself." But both types forget that there is no system that will guarantee you success. It is a matter of being lucky and taking the right chances. So all I can tell you is: stay strong, enjoy the freedom of single life and don't stop trying if you want a change. And above all: good luck.
If you really wanted it then you would give your all to get it. You just haven't wanted it enough. Start giving it your all and you will get it. Fix your flaws. Become a man of value, become that guy. Get stable income, muscles, discipline behaviour. Become better in every way.
Also, be kind to people, don't look down on others, offer help when possible. Treat women with the respect they deserve as fellow human beings. Become a responsible adult. Follow your interests, learn a new skill / sport / language. Sometimes I just takes a while, some things cant be rushed. Don't let it drag you down, you'll meet someone at some point.
What crazy thing has happened in your city?
A Flat Earth International Convention. In 2017.
A few years ago after Charlottesville, there was actually rumor our nearby Klan and affiliated groups were gonna stage a march or some other impromptu event. My city is sort known for having a large black and POC community, and otherwise being fairly liberal. So this rumor went around, and people went out to counter protest. And it turned out, a bunch of people also showed up 100% ready for some of that shit like they had in Charlottesville. People were out there with open carry guns in case of shooting or car attacks, other people were just ready to throw hands. Signs were made with, uh, sturdy handles. One guy showed up with a fucking battleaxe. Thousands of people, basically saying all over social media that they did not plan on tolerating any of that shit. Offices downtown closed, and people were just out walking the streets in masses. Possibly unsurprisingly, no Klan presence ever made itself known. There was a little bit of rumor it had been a troll and that all the shitty nazis were laughing... But to me, that had a "whistle past the graveyard" feel to me, because they watched a whole city turn out unequivocally to beat their fucking asses.
In my village, actually. Family of 3 disappeared, father turned up dead a week later, not a single clue where mother and daughter are. Happened 9 years ago and it’s still a cold case. It’s a pretty well known true crime case from my country.
Girl in my highschool ate her pet hamster
My local university has an entire reactor complete with uranium in a room underneath it that they can’t use, they were gifted it in the “atoms for peace” program but public opposition meant they had to dismantle it but they couldn’t find a way to get rid of it lol
Serial killer Lewis Lent. That and GE was allowed to pollute the heck out of our area and now we have insanely high levels of cancer.
Our mayor was caught smoking crack (while in power) among other controversies. His brother is now our premier and named a stadium after him.
A bunch of us got poisoned by the tap water.
Oxnard, CA. Trump boat parades during lockdown
A cop was killed responding to a call in 1996.
A building in my neighborhood collapsed because it was illegally build.
We had a candy factory explode last year.
A bus went off a bridge (fell 50 ft) when the driver was shot by a passenger.
not a city but a somewhat small town up in the mountains. there's an apartment building a little ways down the road from where i live, at the time of this there was a Mexican couple living in it (im just going to refer to them as A and B). one day A's wife, B, up and vanished, she just disappeared overnight without a trace. there was about a 2 week search before they finally found her, or part of her at least. her head was found under the front porch, and after more searching they found the rest of her dismembered body spread across the property. it was only a few days before they arrested A, he was found guilty for the murder of his wife and also a few other charges. all this happened in about 2004, there's also a ton of other stories but this one sticks with me for some reason
A gay teacher was murdered in the late 80s and the case went unsolved for decades. A former police officer was rumored to have been associating with him (again, back when being gay was VERY unacceptable in a rural area) and may have been a suspect. The officer died of natural causes a few years ago and it was assumed the case would never be solved. Suddenly a few months ago an arrest was made seemingly out of nowhere. One of those DNA services ended up providing a relative match to a man who was then arrested and proved to be a match to evidence found at the scene over 35 years ago. He's now in custody on murder charges. Very wild.
Phoenix Lights UFO
Chris Watts. He killed his wife and kids, put the girls in an oil tank and dug a shallow grave for his wife next to them.
Few years ago, a man tried to shut Sun. Because the weather is extremely hot. It went viral on my country.
Easy... we had a homeless camp with a drug bunkier in the middle.
One town over - guy sees his sister driving by in the opposite lane, intentonally swerves in front of her, loses control and kills her and two of the kids in the car.
Heaven's Gate
CHAZ/CHOP. Had to think about this one for a while, because Seattle seems to attract top tier crazy people. EDIT: WTO Riots were pretty insane too.
Village, but our Chinese apparently was also used to grow weed
A highway bridge collapsed in 2018
When I was a kid my mayor dropped a bomb on his own city.
I grew up in one of the neighborhoods that the beltway snipers shot up in 2002. It was scary.
We had an earthquake 4 years ago.
A girl was kidnapped and never found.
There were riots because of Rodney King and George Floyd
Some racist white dude once attacked a black man with an American flag
Someone punched a police horse after a football match.
The police had to show up a few times at my school because of fights when we were only 12, 7 girls went to other schools in only one year. The police was also at the door every time we left the school.
Hangings
The patriarch of a family of witches murdered a high school girl.
A disturbed kid shot up one of the malls. His name was Robert Hawkins and he killed 8 people, wounded 4, and then killed himself. It was really weird seeing our local news feeds being broadcast nationally.
It's interesting to think about what would have happened if the Klan had actually shown up. I wonder if the counter-protesters would have been able to stop them.
They elected an idiot woke mayor, and they're surprised he's taking sides with criminals and justifying criminal behavior.
Housing became unaffordable.
Dude blew up a city block on Christmas Day 2020 with a motorhome full of explosives.
I have 3. One, some lady killed her husband and made him tamales almost around the corner from my house, the only reason they found out was because someone found a pinky in one. I think you can still Google it. The second one, back where I used to live, human trafficking was a heavy presence. A kid was kidnapped and they found him in an empty lot without his corneas. The third, some bus driver got caught with a freezer full of dead kids in the middle of nowhere. You can Google it.
Was this a "global" convention? /s
Was this that thing in France? Or am I crazy?
Scuse me, WHAT?
Woah what happened?!
That sounds like a sticky situation... I bet it smelled fucking delicious.
Where's your wife? She's around.....
My dumbass was inside
That's so sad. He's a terrible person.
Yea that whole thing was top-tier crazy. The fact that is was just.....allowed.....was equally crazy.
Ahhh MOVE and Philly. The bomb destroyed a couple of city blocks, didn't it?
U didn’t reply to the comment
Nope, Germany!
Yaa…. She would bring pet fish in her water bottle and bug people to dare her to drink from the bottle and swallow them. Personally watched her swallow one during lunch, she of course had a parent-district meeting but ya she was a peach. Kept telling people she was pregnant by all these poor guys, when confronted would get violent, her excuse was them not believing her means they were calling her fat. In reality she was pushing 250 and was indeed just fat. Would throw used condoms at girls she didn’t like Yell at teachers even accusing one of touching her in the middle of class causing an investigation Spread rumors about her own brother and how “big” he was Etc etc. she was something. But she got married right out of highschool and has two kids already
"Where's she she gone? Any where nice?" "All over the place!"
Jesus, she sounds like she needed an intervention not marriage
Sounds like she is mentally ill. Who would eat there own PET hamster or fish. I could see MAYBE a pig but I would still feel horrible doing that :(
Omg that’s so scary and crazy. I don’t even know what to say tbh.
What kind of ridiculous situations have you been in?
I lived with my brother when I were 16-year old. At the time it felt normal, but now it feels fucked.
Not sure if this counts as ridiculous, but I certainly find it so. I’m currently in the process of helping my dad help get his parents moved out and into a retirement home. Whenever he goes to help them, I go too. I have a friend who likes to hang out with me (we’ve known each other since high school). Sometimes we make plans to hang out, but days before, I have to cancel because my dad needs to go to my grandparents. At first he was understanding, then he just started to annoy me. He’s say stuff like “it’s not because you’re annoyed with me, are you?” And today he said “you’re not moving there, are you? Because you’re there a lot now.” Because I literally have to help my grandparents move 💀
Seeing a friend's marriage going through a rough patch that had my buddy overworked and burnt out while his wife was becoming kind of clingy and needy. She'd text me randomly during the day almost daily wanting to chat, share memes or gossip. During get togethers my friend for the stated reasons would call it a night early but his wife wanted to stay out and distract herself which meant more often than not I'd be dropping her off later. Or if the get together was at their place, he'd hit the bed early and his wife would want to keep chatting for an hour or two before finally going to sleep. I put up with being the shoulder to cry on for BOTH of them for like six goddamn months because my friend was too embarrassed to talk about his issues with other people and I was worried that if I didn't do it for his wife as well, some vulture would try to swoop in and take advantage.
I wore yellow to a funeral…My grandma just told me “come we’ll pay our respects now”.
What crazy thing happened at your school?
Guy crapped himself in one of our final exams in school, just out of pressure and not want to waste time. We all got excuse and had to resit a week later
a girl getting finged by her bf in the playground, mind you it was in broad daylight and it happened multiple times.
Two guys built a meth lab in the bathroom between dorm rooms while I was at university. The meth lab exploded, blowing a hole in the exterior wall.
Crazy
I work at a university. A student was talking with his friends in an online game about how he was going to shoot up the school. Fortunately one friend reported him and the FBI raided his house. They found tons of firearms and ammo and plans.
Multiple girls gave birth in our school. It was mostly in one hallway, where the parenting and childcare classes were. Our sex ed was abstinence only, so I’m guessing that’s related. I didn’t know this was abnormal until I went to college.
Kids started airdropping nudes to everyone. So if a teacher was on their phone they would receive them. Had a huge assembly over this. This was after I graduated, but a teacher was sexting with a kid and just got charged for child pn and a whole lotta other charges.
What are the best ways to promote educational books?
In the South or Conservative gatherings, they have book burnings.
Trying on different subs on here would definitely help. A lot of people would have a look at it
Online marketing has a huge reach.
If you're self-published (assuming so since you're working on promotion yourself) you will get more salient advice on r/selfpublish.
yeah, def like to avoid conflagrations. lol
yeah, i am BRAND new to this. Any suggestions?
yeah, have a website and amazon listing all up now. Thinking about a book expo.
Awesome! yes, thank you so much!
What is something none of your family or friends take your side on?
Spooning.
No one believes me when I say that I pretended that I couldn’t talk untik I was 3 because I didn’t want attention
(NSFW) I wouldn't qualify anyways since the only places I can find seem to require college degrees but I kind of want to donate sperm at some point. My Mother doesn't pressure me to have kids but my Father kind of does and I'm kind of borderline asexual so I don't want to settle down with someone but I also don't want my family genetics to end with me. They think it's weird that I'd be fine with kids I don't know walking around somewhere but I kind of think of it like reverse adoption; if you are supposed to treat a step kid as a bio kid then why care about kids of yours who's parents actively chose to raise because they couldn't have one of their own?
moving out of province.
What is an underrated historical event ?
in 1521, during Cortez's siege of an Aztec city, his men built a trebuchet to deal with a dwindling supply of gunpowder. It fired once, straight up, and then was destroyed by its own projectile.
Battle of Tours
The failed assassination of Hitler, 20 July 1944. Hitler was saved by someone unwittingly moving the briefcase bomb a few centimeters behind a table leg. Four people died. If successful, it would probably have saved countless lives and changed the aftermath of the war.
total solar eclipse. most people think it is the same as a partial eclipse
The Tokyo firebombings were more devastating than the atom bombs.
World War 1
The ottomans conquering hungary in 1527. Hungary was an entity that had existed for over 500 years and it just went without a trace
My last bowel movement.
The Great Emu War: Birds 1, Australia 0. Feathers flew.
This makes me want to play AOE
During WWI, a British soldier had Hitler in his sights and chose to spare him. The world could have been completely different
In what aspects?
Bro the battle of Okinawa….holy shit, young mothers were throwing themselves and their children off cliffs to their deaths because the Japanese convinced them the Americans were cannibals…and the Australians have the audacity to say they soldiered the mental burdon from that conflict. The Australians were fuckin cowards man. It was the AMERICANS…
I wouldnt say its underrated
That might be a myth
I would think its hard to prove it happened
What do you think of Indians?
Good, bad, some in the middle. Just like anyone else from any other country.
After lengthy deliberation, considering arguments from all sides, I have concluded that Indians do exist.
Just so we're clear Indians from India not the Native Americans
I’ve heard there far too many migrating to Canada, especially seniors, where they don’t even attempt to fit into the culture, and are only there to take government benefits that they never paid into. I can’t respect that.
They are indeed just people.
Dot or feather?
seem pretty caste system-ish to me.
There's certainly a lot of them, I know the number is over a billion, you guys like to fuck.
I would be interested to know the history of Indian tribes before the arrival of Europeans on the American continent
theres a lot of them
they’re alright
That they are indians
They seem cool and their food tastes good and spicy (yum)
All the indian folk I know are nice they are friendly and always have time to chat.
Natives or bollywood
Very polarized
I think they are people, just like everyone else.
I like the concept of a peace pipe
They tried their best, but the battle of Little Big Horn was already a lost cause.
Not great, not terrible. 3.5
Depends on what type you’re saying…. But mostly they’re fine
I guess it is no PC to speak the truth unless you personally go to visit their country and get harassed then people start talking straight.
Indians from India, native Americans or the Cleveland Indians?
They're funni
People I would rather avoid
They messed up Custer pretty good.
I have yet to meet one that is less intelligent than me
In my experiences here in Canada with the huge influx of them we got in the past couple years...the ones who moved here to be Canadians are great, zero issues with them, lovely people. Had friends during my school days, worked with a couple, and later even hired a few myself. But then you have the international students and temp workers... Holy shit, absolutely terrible. Almost every negative encounter I've had in public has been with one of the bad, from line cutting, speaker phone on trains, opening their car door into mine while I was sitting in my car and them trying to pretend they didn't, guys being super pushy and ego tripping in bars, doing job interviews and then sending someone else on day 1 of work, etc. I really hope like all races the bad ones are just a small portion of the overall population.
I travelled to india and words cant tell how terrible it was. Especially for white people and their white female partners.. unfortunately i have nothing good to say
I don't like judging them, but many foreign women got raped by traveling to India. So I am kinda of afraid of Indian male. But some Indian guys are pretty.
Dominating everything.
Smelly...also terrible drivers
They are fine But really questionable…
Depends on which ones you mean, I’ve never personally met any American Indians (or Native Americans whichever term they like to use) so I can’t say much about them, except some of they’re cultural stuff seems fascinating. Other Indians are fine, I lived with some in a share house for a while and those ones were assholes.
They were friendly with some cowboys.
good people, good food, terrible higiene.
I'm friends with some Indians and they're very nice and friendly.
... People? Human beings?
I'm still unsure about that.
Thanks for confirming our existence
My mom said something racist a few years ago, on the lines of "they should go back to their country." I was like woah, mental note, is my mom racist? This is unlike her. Well, those comments came up a couple times a year for a couple years, until recently where she said, unprompted, entirely self aware, "I've never been a racist person and I understand everyone is human, but as I get older and I see these people coming into the country, not speaking English, not trying to learn our culture, trying to change everything to the way they had it back home... I understand why many people are racist. This is awful for us." I'm not at her level, but it's eye opening to hear a genuine, honest response like that. It's not blind bigotry, and she knows it's wrong, but it's also a real feeling she has.
Hardly...
”Lisa are you familiar with your Indian heritage?” ”Umm, as long as there are no follow-up questions … yes”
Lmao 🤣
Interesting. I know some Indian people who are lovely, some who are assholes, and some who are somewhere in between.
Out of...?
Can you seriously not just be a decent person?
Interesting. I know some Indian people who are lovely, some who are assholes, and some who are somewhere in between.
Who is someone you think shouldn’t have gotten famous, and why?
the entire Kardishian-Jenners (other than Caitlin/Bruce)
Cash me outside how' bout dat'
island boys
Me, because I haven't done anything noteworthy.
Any serial killer. Ever. Don’t give them the attention they crave. No media coverage, Netflix dramas, documentaries or cutesy true crime videos with people doing make up. As well as giving murderers attention that they so often want we also desensitise ourselves. Let them rot away quietly
Every model
How much time do we have? Junior Samples Neil Young Madonna Nora Roberts Jeff Goldblum
olivia rodrigo, she wrote one good song.
Ice spice. i dont even need to explain myself.
This is the most correct answer.
Came here to say this. They’re famous for no reason.
BHAD BHABIE LMFAOO
Say it louder.
Who are you 🤔
True like the dahmer series etc, I see wym but I guess they’re made to know their backstories??
Ooo true, she’s getting all this fame and I see clips on tiktok of her grinding the floor on stage😭
caitlin/bruce was an olympic athlete robert was oj’s lawyer kim had a sex tape all the others are related to kim
Nobody famous.
what are the signs that a guy really love his girl?
He doesn't move her when they're cuddling and she's cutting off his arm's circulation
He licks any part of her on demand. No questions asked.
He makes her feel special and appreciated both with words and actions.
He always opens whatever door for her first !
not afraid to buy her flowers like i would do that alot if i had gf but i dont have one :/
I love this. That’s a great answer
Agree
What is the weirdest proposal someone has made to you?
A homeless guy asked me if I would pay him a dollar if he beatbox the super Mario theme. He definitely got a dollar he was bad ass.
I was in my early twenties in a job one of my coworkers (we will call him Bernard) slightly younger passed away from a brain tumor. Few weeks later an old customer (60s) asked me where Bernard was I explained what happened, he touched my shoulder and went on his way . On his way out he came up to me and got close put his hand on me again and whispered "Bernard used to love me sucking his cock, do you want me to suck yours?" I was shocked at his confidence and the fact Bernard had a girlfriend it just felt like a violation to me, especially with the age gap. I told my older coworkers who said I should've accepted a mouth is a mouth lol. But yeah lol
A friend who was a tattoo artist offered me free tattoos for the rest of my life if I would agree to two conditions. 1. she could suck me off and once I got hard be allowed to bite my cock (bite it hard) 2. she then gets to tattoo the bite mark onto cock as well as sign it with her initials (didnt take her up on the offer)
MILF with five kids asked me to marry her while we waited in line at Panera Bread. I had to tell her I was already engaged. Edit: I'm in my mid 20s. Lady looked about 45.
I've only been proposed to one time in almost 50 years. It was a first date, he took my kids and I for Taco Bell at the Mall Food Court and offered to marry me. We had never even gone for a coffee or had a 1 to 1 conversation before this moment. 15 years later, during Covid, I found him stalking me in a different town. It was super not cool.
A blonde bubbly high voiced 30-something woman wearing nothing but tight spandex and flip flops invited me to come into her house. I was selling ice cream on one of those bicycle carts. I was 12. I turned her down. But I kept making that street part of my route for the rest of the time I had that job. Never saw her again.
My wife and I were traveling to Europe for our honeymoon. One of her uncles - through marriage, a very very shady character, called me privately and offered me $5k to take a sealed package for him and deliver it to his “colleague” in Prague, which wasn’t even on our itinerary. I asked him what was in the package and who was his colleague, in his exact words “this is information I can’t share with you.” NOPE. I obviously declined and to this day, not a single family member aside from my wife knows anything about this interaction.
$100 a day plus lunch to accompany my friend driving around small towns selling speakers out of the back of his truck.
I had to leave a physically abusive marriage. He told me that if I went back to him he would “let “ me have a child and he would give me $10,000. No thank you.
I had a female trucker invite me back to her truck for sex at a rest stop. I declined
Went on a date with a guy who offered me $50 to kick him in the balls. I declined but regret it everyday
Had a professional judge at my dance studio yesterday ask me if I wanted to "fuck in the closet." I'm one of the owners.
When I was 16 years old a co-worker proposed that I marry her (adult) brother for $35k so that he could get into the country. I politely declined.
Damn. I thought mine was strange but I read these and imma just say it was a man trying to sell me sex with him (I’m straight and he was trying to logically explain how it’s not different)
When I worked at Frisch’s (17-18 at the time) an older coworker (probably early to mid thirties) gave me a note and told me to wait to read it. Obviously I didn’t. Keep in mind , I was not friends w this guy. I was nice because we was coworkers but not friends in any form. The note had four different porn scenarios he wanted me in. I don’t remember much of what it was (but he wrote a full page front and back) and only remember two scenarios specifically. One was “imagine it like bill Cosby. I’ll give you pudding and then you pass out.” And the second was something to do with bill clinton and Monica. I was absolutely disgusted, showed all my coworkers and my boss and everyone was outraged. Well except my boss. He didn’t care, scheduled me to close with him every night after that. (Closing was me, the guy and a manager) I quit the next day lol
I was in a friend's with benefits relationship. I said I wanted to stop it. She offered me her convertible Jag car to carry on. I don't own a Jag
I proposed to my wife in Times Square at New Year's Eve (I was going for maximum cheezy!) She was pretty emotional and took a while to believe I was serious (even though I had a ring). This being New York, strangers started shouting at her to "HURRY UP LADY, WHAT'S IT GONNA BE? WE DON'T HAVE ALL NIGHT"
I had a guy I went on two dates with. At the end of the second date, he confessed that he had a girlfriend, they just went poly, and she was really struggling with it. He said I seemed really cool so maybe I could talk to her about it. I declined. Bear in mind I never met this girl or gave her my number. The final twist was she texted me a day after I said no and and told me that her boyfriend was really into me and had a hard time making friends so maybe we could all go out sometime. That was a proposal I shot down hard.
My driving instructor offered me illegal firearms for purchase. I declined.
I worked as a teller in the drive thru at the bank. He sent a ring in through the tube. I declined.
I was offered a role in a porno. I was 19, living far away from home in a California desert, a coworker who had connections to the industry, and I thought I had the look and offered me a ride 3 hours south to shoot it. I denied him, but losing my virginity in a porno would have been a hell of a story.
When I was 21yo, a 62yo rich dude offered to "take care" of me with 10k a month and let me stay at a fancy apartment , in return I only need to "spend time" with him once every Saturday. I politely declined.
Some proposals my wife made through the years. For instance, we didn't space for a real oven in our small kitchen, so she proposed building a cabinet over the dustbins so that we could put an oven in there. Or when she proposed to take the tiles out of our small backyard and have the sand in there replaced with soil, so that we could start growing vegetables there. But the best part about all of her "weird" proposals is that they always worked, as unorthodox as they might be.
Old lady offered me money to sleep with her.
My ex called me after cheating on me two years ago and said she wanted to be friends 😂
When I bought my first house I was in my early 20s and single. The closing attorney kept her eyes locked on me the entire time and asked me if I was interested in her daughter, she gave a brief description about her, then showed me a picture of a VERY attractive redhead. I laughed and was very flattered, but said no. She had a picture of her with a fish, think of any man on tinder, and when I said it was a beautiful spot she said she'd tell me where it was and would take me there if I took her daughter out on a date. Roughly 4-5 years later I saw some property advertised on Craigslist, shot them a message, and we both recognized each other based on our names once our emails went through. She, again, asked if I had any interest in her daughter while attaching an updated photo (still very hot) and offered to waive closing fees and a 100% 'rebate' if we ended up getting married.
When I was 14, I worked at a drive in restaurant in a tough neighborhood. One of the local drug dealers offered me $1,000 if I let him suck my dick. I’m not gay and $1,000 is nowhere near enough for me to cross that line. He screwed up by calling in and asking over the phone. Our phone calls were recorded. I immediately called the police and he was arrested. A new dealer took his spot and that dealer was cool af. He’d pull to the end of the drive in with a blunt already lit. I’d go take his order, take a few hits off the blunt and usually toss in a free cheeseburger. He always tipped $10 too. One of the nicest drug dealers I’ve known.
A woman I used to see at my favourite club wanted to pay me to have sex with her. I was actually kinda down for it until she said she wanted it bareback and wanted me to finish inside her. No thank you.
When I was freshly 18, and a chaotic idiot, a stranger at a party asked me if I’d marry him for military benefits and then I’d never have to speak to him again. I thought, why the hell not, I want to write a book about someday and I want to make my life as interesting as possible. We got married the next day at the courthouse in Georgia, and decided to “celebrate our nuptials” before going our separate ways the next day. That was 13 years ago… we have now a 13 year old son.
A girl asked me out when we were both waiting to see Dr in emergency dept. She actually asked when I was talking to the doc.
To pay me to suck my dick,I politely declined
My girlfriend, she asked me to move in and then a week later threw me out for 2 weeks because she needed some space. I don’t think I’ll be getting rid of my apartment for a long time.
Oh! I have one. A girl I knew in elementary school (I moved away before middle, so we hadn’t spoken in awhile) messaged me on Facebook. I expected it to be a, “Hey! Long time, how’s it going?” She actually was reaching out to see if I wanted to do “erotica modeling”- she said I “knew I was pretty enough” to do it so I should really think it over. Hardest pass.
While I was on duty as an armed guard at a gas station in a very high-crime area (like, if you don't have an armed guard, you will get robbed every night high-crime) I had a very drunk but very polite 50-something Guatemalan man ask me if I would like for him to suck my dick. I politely declined and he was genuinely disappointed, but accepted my answer lol Afterthought: If a man drunk enough to ask a guy holding a shotgun if he can blow him in understands consent, you have literally no excuse.
It was some time ago. I was buying a car from an executive type of gentleman. During our conversation he asked me if i would be interested in getting in on the ground floor of the cable television industry. I said no thanks. Nobody is gonna pay to watch t.v.
In college, I was visiting one of my highschool friends at his campus. We went out day drinking and came back to his place to nap before going out again later that night. A little into my nap on the couch my friend woke me up and told me to come upstairs, his girlfriend was naked in bed and he wanted me to fuck her as he watched. I declined. Unfortunately a year later me and his girlfriend actually did end up having sex while they were still dating. She told me he would be so into it when he found out. He wasn’t. Me and him are no longer friends.
Someone once asked if I wanted to reach into her vagina and palpate her ovaries, so I could experience their "slightly ripe avocado" texture. I had met her roughly an hour before, in a student common room on a college campus, where we had remained for that hour. As it turns out, our schedules never did match up. Which is a shame. Slightly ripe is quite a range of possible firmnesses, and I have never been able to quell that curiosity once it started.
At a bus stop in my early twenties. A man sat down next to me, must've been at least 30 years older than me. He struck up a conversation then told me he had ten children by ten different women, and asked if I'd like to make it eleven. I politely declined.
I was driving for Uber a few years back and the first night I ever drove I picked up a well dressed late 20’s couple from a restaurant in midtown ATL. They were super friendly and a little drunk, and she proceeded to talk my ear off in what seemed like a bit too flirty manner. As we get close to their apartment she mentions how her roommate and I would hit it off and I should come up to meet her. I politely declined but they both kept insisting I come up to their apartment with them. I ended up saying I really needed to keep driving to pay rent and they got out of my car visibly disappointed. I highly doubt there was ever a roommate in the first place, and if I had gone up there I would have either been robbed or propositioned with a devils three way.
I finally agreed to a dinner date with a guy who had been pursuing me for a while. He was handsome, funny and seemed like a super nice guy. Went to a popular local restaurant. We had just finished dinner and were sitting at the table chatting when he asks, “You know what I’d like?” I’m thinking he was proposing dessert or a cocktail. He looks straight in my eyes with a smile on his face and says, “I’d like to cum on your face”. I was so surprised that I laughed out loud then sat there for a moment, kind of stunned. I then responded with “wow!, if I had a nickel for every time I’ve heard that one!” I had planned to pay for dinner or at least split the ticket with him but when the waitress brought the check I told him thank you for dinner and I left. He tried to call several times afterward but I declined to answer.
I had a friend so desperate to have children, but in a medical situation where his wife could not conceive, ask me if my wife would bear his child. It was freaking bizarre. What is this? The Old Testament?
Met a guy who got offered by 2 lesbians who wanted a kid to ejaculated into a turkey baster so they could use it to impregnate one of them. Deal was he wouldn't have to pay child support, and they'd jack him off. They have a kid now, and he has a pic of the kid on his phone. Weird, but they're happy.
When I was single, a woman I had dated twice called me up and asked if I would be willing to be her side piece rather than her regular boyfriend. Because she was dating a lawyer but he wasn't all that in bed, evidently.
My driving instructor when I was 22 and getting my license begged me to loan him $4k after he got himself in trouble. I agreed, wrote up a promissory note and listed his car as collateral, and made a bunch of money in short-term interest off the poor bastard and the gambling addiction that got him there. A guy I worked on a political campaign with while in high school asked me to be his surrogate several years later, when I was 19, as his wife was infertile. She was in on it, too. Free room and board, medical care, and $25k in 2011. I declined as I am vehemently child-free and did not want to do that to my body. They adopted soon after. My number one would have to be my freshman year of college when I was 18. Some online pen pals that I had wildly suggested I come visit them for a semester. Then, a bunch of things fell in place where I was facing a brain cancer recurrence, I lost my health insurance and wasn't going to get any further answers, and I had obtained the legal maximum amount of college scholarships for the year where I was going to have to forfeit the excess thousands unless the money was spent in one of a few categories. Long story short, I legally played the system and moved to sub saharan Africa and rented a $30/month apartment without a "study abroad" program or any of that, using the money for living expenses while I took classes through distance education/online. Coolest experience of my life. Doing it again the following year was how I met the Jamaican guy who was seeking the surrogate mentioned above.
Weird (50ish male) co-worker who had just started at a sub shop tried to get me to move in with him and his bro to their mothers house. Came off bizarre and weird as I already lived with 2 good friends in our own place and I barely knew the guy. Turned out that their sister was trying to take the house because they left their neglected and dying mother in a bed to die and wanted to put the house into someone else's name for the oncoming legal battle. I quit soon after for unrelated reasons and soon heard they ended up getting sentenced for neglect and some other stuff and getting hard time.
When I worked at a coffee shop this guy pulled up, looked me up and down, and asked if I would be interested in a pair of ugg boots. He told me he would buy me a pair of new boots if I wore them a month straight without wearing socks and without washing them. He said he would come back at the end of the month to buy the boots back from me "if they were properly stinky". I told him no. Ended up telling my husband about it when I got home and he said "YOU TURNED DOWN EASY CASH???" He didn't even buy a coffee
I was a bank teller. A guy used to come and withdrawal money every few days. He is in his early 20s and in university. He doesn't want to issue a bank card because then he would be spending his money on useless stuff so thats why he comes to withdrawal even though the bank takes 6$ fee every time. He had a crush on the lady next to my office but she rejected him so he does all his transactions with me. One time he suddenly said " i want you to be my best man on my wedding " but i told him i will most likely be busy with work so pass. Bro, I don't even know him, i just know he is stupid enough that he spent over 600$ on withdrawal fees over a year instead of 0$ because he didn't want to issue a card. I never saw him after that
I was a 20 year old who joined Seeking Arrangement on a dare from my dorm-mate. A 70 year old retired cop paid me to pretend to be his granddaughter at his country club. No shenanigans; he just wanted to be accepted by his peers who brought their grandkids to brunch all the time.
A couple approached me when I was nineteen at spring break at a nudist beach and tried asking would I have a three-way with them but would I fuck the husband with a strap-on while he fucks his wife and I said, “do I fucking look like that’s something that would even remotely interest me? Also I’m nineteen!” They then immediately backed off.
A girl wanted me to impregnate her. No strings attached. Just have sex once and she gets her seed fertilised. No other obligation. Kind of freaked me out!
Guy offered to pay me 200 quid to send him a pair of my panties in the post.....
Late one night, an old bearded man drove up next to me while I was walking down the street and offered to suck my dick for money under the bridge.
I put an ad online as a cleaner for people to hire in their own home. I was 20 at the time. I got 2 emails from guys asking me if I wanted to "massage" them for money. I also got an email from 2 women (that was what the email said at least) who had some sort of daycare for grownup men who liked to dress up as baby's. They were looking for another "caregiver". Did not respond to this weird emails. Also got a call from an older gentleman, asking me if I would come to clean his house. Sounded good at first, but then he started to ask me if I was okay with him dressing up as a woman. It was like 07:30 in the morning when he called me with this, so my first response was, yeah sure, whatever. Then he asked if I would also be okay with it being women's lingerie. That was the moment I was wide awake. Didn't really know what to say, so just said, no thanks sorry but good luck with finding someone! and hung up the phone. All this happened in a week. Needless to say I took down the ad.
In hs a guy asked (separately) me and a few guy friends to let him suck our dicks, and he'd let us fuck his gf. No one took him up and he later came out as gay
Acquaintance offered me his virginity as we sat down to watch a Sergei Eisenstein movie in college. He offered it to me like a special gift over the opening of the movie. I barely knew him, but was always nice to him. After a quick no, I’m not interested, we sat through “Potemkin” and awkwardly made sure not to touch arms on the seat rest. I was kind of frozen the entire time.
I had a guy tell me I had beautiful blue eyes and then asked if he could cum in them. I declined.
There was a girl interested in me as she had baby fever, thought I'd be a good catch. The first time we went to lunch alone, she paid for my lunch and then turned and looked at me and said, "Ok, I bought you lunch. Now you put out." I said, "You bought me Burger King..." True story and I never put out. She was not my type.
I grew up in Miami, and once I was asked to marry a young woman from Central America for money so she could get a green card. Another time my pot dealer asked if I wanted to make three thousand dollars for one night's work, unloading a drug boat near the Everglades, he said there was only a 1 in 10 chance of getting caught. I declined both of those offers.
I was at a Greyhound bus stop in Rochester taking an overnight bus. We stopped there at two or three in the morning and I went to the restroom. A guy in there came over and asked me if I wanted to buy some soup. I declined. "It's really good soup" he assured me. I declined again. On my way out the door he updated his offer "hey man, you wanna buy some heroin?"
School mate asked me to be part of a threesome. We were 12! She hasn’t had the best of life since then tbh.
To work as a blockchain analyst for a North-Korean company located in northern China
When I was a little boy a man offered me candy if I went with him. We were at a fair with lots of people and my mom took my brother to the bathroom, so nobody noticed. I accepted, but after we set off walking something felt off and I started crying. People gathered around us, the man disappeared and I felt really guilty for agreeing but not going.
I had a friend in college ask if she could watch my then gf and i fuck. I said only if she was naked. Easy threeway.
When I joined Grindr, the very first message I got was some anonymous person asking if he could come over and fuck my oily feet. I said “wow, this isn’t like Tinder at all.” To make it weirder, it showed his location a few hundred feet away, so someone who lives on my street probably. I had no pics or info on my profile yet, so he was literally just messaging the closest person to him and hoping they had feet and that he could fuck them. I didn’t accept his offer, in case anyone asks.
When I was 15-16 years-old 4 girls that never talked to me before asked me to be their chambelan on their quinceanera parties, I rejected all of them because I'm very socially awkward and a terrible dancer.
She wanted me to move in with her and her disabled mom and we would have just lived off her disability check.
I'm straight, but used to post personal ads. A gay guy once offered to pay me to kick his ass. Like legitimately beat him up. I did not take him up on that offer
$300 to knee a man in the balls on camera. I needed the rent money. A guy in high school wanted to eat nacho cheese out of my vagina. I walked away.
TIL people get offered sex sometimes.
“Drive this drunk girl back to my place, let’s fuck her and then drop her back off here at the party.” Yeah hardest nope ever. I knew her brother and drove her to her parents. She was 18 at the time, hammered drunk. Stopped talking to the “friend” after that. Also found out he proposed that a lot and I was the last one of our group to get offered it.
I am a heterosexual male who was approached by a gay man and offered $200 to let him suck my dick. This didn't come out of nowhere mind you. I moved down South in the US when I was in my early 20's and I was shredded. I knew this guy for about a two weeks and saw him probably 3 or 4 days of that. We were just hanging out and he casually and respectfully asked. I had no issue and just said that I'm flattered but I would have to politely decline. He said that was ok and that the offer was on the table. Didn't make a big hoo-ha about it and remained friends while I lived there. Anyway, I made rent the next month so that's what counts.
Girl in high school I knew for like a week asked me to be his boyfriend after we realized we had the same pens. It wasn't a serious relationship, we just hung out untill the year ended and she moved to another school, then we lost contact. Last thing I heard about her is she's been doing lots of traveling and even changed gender.
A drunk guy challenged me to a game of air hockey at the bar and said if he won, I had to fuck him.
"Can my partner suck your cock while I watch and jerk off ." From a friend who knows my wife.
I was doing karaoke with some friends, when an abnormally jacked gentleman approached me after my performance with the proposal to come back to his place and make fuck to his very attractive wife.
That we’d be roommates but there’s only one room, that’s okay though because we can share a bed. Nothing weird at all
Years ago, a friend of my boyfriend at the time gave him a Prince Albert piercing. In my living room. After he finished, he casually mentioned he could also pierce me "down there" if I was interested. I politely declined.
One time I was dancing with a very attractive 40 something woman at EDC Orlando. I noticed in my periphery that there was about a 300+ pound man in a diaper with a pacifier in his mouth watching us. After a little more fun, he asked if I would like to have sex with her and that it was cool because it was his wife. I noped.
I bought 3 tickets to a concert, 1 for me and my 2 friends, 1 couldn't make it and the other paid me for his when we met up out side the venue. He the offers to go sell "our" other ticket and says he'd even split it with me if I wanted too. Wtf. Notorious moocher, didn't see him much after that. I sold it myself, because it was mine lol.
i once had a guy i went to high school with offer money for sex. never spoken to him before (he was in a few of my classes however) and he had zero shame about it. respect for the balls to ask a woman that but who the fuck just does that
A middle aged woman came up to me in a college bar, handed me a card, told me she represented adult film actors and asked if I would like to do some scenes.
Guy at a bar asked me to meet him in the bathroom for some fun. 1) I wasn’t drinking and was just there for the wings special. 2) My wife of 10 years was sitting across from me. 3) We had to forcibly “ask” him to leave after 3 minutes of asking and him getting handsy. Still have the knuckle scars to remind me
I work at a pizza delivery as a driver. I’ve had - on two separate occasions - had kids demand that I dance for their TikTok video in exchange for the tip. The best part is the parents calling to see why we won’t deliver to their houses anymore. They don’t seem happy when hearing about the “dance monkey dance,” mentality of their kids.
Used to work at the Olive Garden, any proposal there is a terrible marriage proposal
A friend of my ex wife, who was just an all around ugly person, looks AND personality. I hadn’t liked her ever. She was also a friend of my sister, so I had known this uggo for years and hated her the whole time. She always seemed to reciprocate. Anyway, my ex wife was cheating on me which I already knew, and uggo comes to me and tells me she is cheating. Then she says, “Well you could fuck me to get back at her.” I was so gobsmacked. I was trying not to simultaneously laugh and vomit at the idea. I just mustered, “Just because she’s doing it doesn’t make it right for me to.”
When I was moving out of my previous apartment, I ran into one of my neighbors while loading stuff into my car. This was the night before the move, so I could give myself a head start for the next morning. He was an older guy, probably like late 60s. I’ve ran into him a few times before, nice dude. We started making small talk and he was asking me about the move, whatever. Then he creepily invites me into his apartment for “a drink”. I politely declined and he kept pushing for me to come into his place. I just said “Thank you, have a good night.”, went back into my own apartment, and immediately locked the door. Nothing else happened, but it was like 10pm, and everything about that was weird.
When i was in my early 20’s had some guy merge into my lane and scratched up the side of both our cars. He offered his wife, who actually was hot, if i didn’t call the cops. I refused the offer and we went our separate ways. Neither of us had insurance and found out a month later he was a mule who had several pounds of pot and some other stuff in his car thanks to him getting busted and on shown on the local news.
A man messaged me and asked if he could jizz in my eye. Like, directly into my eye. Disturbing in general but I was also only 15. Hard no and a call to Chris Hansen for that one
When I was in my twenties, I worked part time at a pool hall. The owner, who I was friendly with, but not close to, offer to trade me a used Cadillac in mildly good condition for one of my kidneys. I declined.
Eating at a small market at night in Indonesia, casually chatting to the other travellers at the table. Out of nowhere a Serbian guy asks if I want to see the fighting cocks that the locals have. I say er sure,and we walk out of the market a few meters, across the path and towards a wooden house. Then in the front garden, out of the darkness, I see 3 huge roosters with giant claws sitting on roosts about chest height. The guy kept trying to get me to stroke them but there was no way. Looked at them for about 1 minute then walked back to the table and carried on eating.
Some lady who was either high or drunk off of something offered to let me fuck her in an alley while i was on my way to work early one morning. But she looked like she could be my grandmother, or very mature aunt.
Used to work at a butcher shop. Had an older dude ask me if he could take me home and wrap me in leather. My response was "like a book?" I was 17 at the time and very naiive.
I was working at the pretzel store in the mall, one day a very attractive woman that worked at the Vietnamese nail salon across the hall comes in to my store and starts talking to me, I don't hear the best and she didn't speak English very well but after a few seconds of awkward nodding I realized she was asking me out, I agree and that weekend we met for dinner, we sit down at the restaurant and the conversation was a bit tedious, but I was having a good time, then about half way through dinner she starts telling me that she wants me to marry her cousin as a part of some scheme to get her cousin into the US and that her family will pay me $30k to do it. I told her that I wasn't interested and she seemed embarrassed for bringing it up, I was a bit disappointed as I thought that she genuinely wanted to go out with me.
Over the phone and I asked if he had a ring and he said no.
Literally yesterday. A group of woman in their early 30s asked me if one the woman could squeeze my butt in the middle of the street. I think it was a birthday party or bachelors party or something. They told me it was for a challenge. I declined.
My ex boyfriend proposed because he committed a crime and thought that if we were married, I couldn't be a witness.
A crackhead told me I could bite his dick as hard as I wanted if I sucked it.
A guy asked me if he could suck my toes while I was at work because he thought my feet were beautiful.
Coworker offered me his sex doll. Learned that it was modeled after his wife and came with a “chair”. His wife wasn’t my type.
Offering to have sex with me for 10$ so they could buy heroin
I was working at a warehouse and had a polish guy offer to fly me out and have a kidney removed from a guy he knew.
I had a girl at work tell me to push her fiancé’s baby out of her and put my own baby in her. This was in front of our supervisor by the way
Guy asked me (before he asked my name) how much it would cost to go downtown (on me) once a week for the rest of my life
I'd recently been divorced. A friend asked me to marry her so she could stay in the country.
My friends and I were walking around the mall after school and they were talking about meeting up with their boyfriends at the food court. I was still single so I started complaining (albeit loudly) how I wish I had a boyfriend and I wished someone would just ask me out already. Then an old woman comes up to me and says "I know a lot of men that would pay good money for you". I was so confused by her statement I just walked away. Once we got closer to the food court my friend Tara starts laughing and says "wow you better be careful or you'll end up trafficked". I didn't know what she meant so she explained sex trafficking to me and I was absolutely appalled.
I was in the market to buy a car. Saving up but had nothing to drive. My "freind" was struggling with the ladies and hadn't been with anyone in years. He offered to buy me a car in exchange for sex. This is way before sex work like only fans was the norm. I didn't accept and we are no longer friends.
When I was 17 I sold a guy my braces after they got taken off for 800.00. Weird enough I know. BUT THEN he offered me 2,000.00 to let him watch his dog lick peanut butter off of me. Obviously I left immediately and told him to never contact me again. Few years later he got arrested for having child porn on his computer.
I was on a bus, minding my own business and 2 guys approached me for a threesome (I'm also a guy). They said I was the first one they both agreed on to approach like this. To be fair, they may have tried that line on everyone that night, but it still felt good despite being straight. second strangest was a guy and a girl at a party arguing about who could give me the better blow job. Yes, I have been hit on by a lot of guys for some reason.
I was 19 and working in a kitchen appliance shop selling new and used appliances. Ovens, fridges, shit like that. I did a lot of deliveries on the truck and got to know the driver pretty well. This guy was mid-late 30s and jacked from lifting appliances all day everyday. On Friday nights, we'd all head down to the local pub for a few pints. One night, his wife met us there. To say she was gorgeous would be an understatement. She flirted with me all night before her fella came over and asked me if I'd go back to their place and fuck her. He said "she really likes you" and that I didn't have to worry because there "won't be any gay stuff."
When I was 22 a guest asked me to live with him and his wife...knowing me for 30 minutes. I hid the whole evening and my coworkers escorted me home
Probably my girlfriend at the time asking for us to get married, practically begging. I agreed. She immediately, the same week, cheated on me with a girl and lied about it.
When I was 19 and working at the Apple Store helping people set-up their new devices, a guy who owned a trucking company offered me 60k/year salary to manage his IT team. I was so taken aback that this guy had his own company and was so stupid that he thought I would be qualified for such a job that I turned it down immediately, using the excuse that he could compete with Apple’s benefits. 13 years later, i am confident in saying I was an idiot for not taking that offer.
I had a job at showroom for tile and granite, the owner was working on his immigration status. He propositioned me for an immigration marriage for 50k over three years. He was in his 50s and I had just turned 18. I quit.
Some friends of mine asked if I would provide the company they wanted to start with legal advice. They said they did not want to be liable for divorces caused by the company’s product. The proposed company would build what they called “goon caves” for customers.
This was about 4 years ago, I was bartending at a county club, some regulars of mine, middle aged women told me they would give me two cases of booze as a tip (Was under 21 at the time)and left their address on the receipt. Well after work when I stopped by I was invited inside, and was asked to join them in the hot tub. I did, and then upon going to leave I was told that to claim the booze I would have to put out. I did.
Had a random lady ask me if I wanted to move to the Bahamas with her and raise a bunch of hamsters.
A marriage proposal last year . He said he'll take care of me and my kid lol Also a guy I went on a date complimented my feet and try to convince me to do an OF , he said I'd only have to show my feet and make good money of of it Declined both proposals 🤣
Had a regular customer at my store, a married mom of 5, she came in all of the time, sometimes with her kids and/or husband. She was attractive, I was 19, though, and she was 45. Well, one time, she pushed me up against a shelf, shoved her tongue down my throat, grabbed my dick, and put my hand under her shirt and on her breast. She told me to run off with her, and she'd leave her kids and husband behind. I didn't take her up on that, I did give her my email for some reason, I never took her up on any of the meet-ups she requested in email. She also sent me multiple emails with erotic stories she wrote about us.
A guy offered me $10000 to let him suck me
My mom asked me if I wanted to drive. I was 12. The car was a rental. We were on vacation in the mountains in an unfamiliar area on road you could easily drive off of and fall. It was pitch black out. I declined.
I met an older woman on tinder when I was like 25 who invited me over and never said anything sexual at all. When I walked in the door, she was in lingerie and told me to “take my fucking clothes off”. Obviously, I did and then she started going down on me while trying to take a video. I was super confused as to why she was taking a video and she said it was for her husband who was away. Me being the dawg I am offered to take it on my phone from my POV which she let me. I took multiple videos then after, I deleted them and ghosted her. So weird.
I was asked by a lesbian couple to help them conceive. I thought about it for a while and ended up declining because of the way they wanted me to “help”. Donating sperm, or actually having sex with one of them were both nixed by the partner who wouldn’t be carrying the baby. She was too jealous and they didn’t want to spend a large chunk of their life savings on a chance the implant wouldn’t take. I was asked to watch them have sex, cum in a jar, and have the one partner “implant in her partner orally”. The jealous one made a typed list of all the things that would or would not be acceptable during conception. I took a pass on the offer.
After I gave him some subway tokens, a homeless man in NYC wanted me to fly him back to Florida and put him through college...
My best friend asked me if I wanted to be in a 4 way relationship with his girlfriends.
I was 16 and he was 21 He bought me a promise ring without me knowing and he asked if he could meet my dad. I said sure.. not knowing that he was going to ask my dad for permission to give me such promise ring. My dad said fuck no and promptly asked him to leave. We were not dating at the time and I was only talking to him for 4 months. I stopped talking to him after that lol
Asked me to fuck his wife while he watched. That’s a hard no.
At a bar when in the Navy (figure), a milf came to me and my buddy and just said “I’m on my way home with those three guys behind me and two more would really make me happy….. what do you think?) as we’ve awkwardly having eye contact with the dudes. 😑
Marriage. For tax purposes. We were both 18 and in college.
Dated during summer, went to college about 60 miles from my home. He stopped at my parents home on the way to see me and grabbed a check there for me. Didn't show up until 5 wks later, dead drunk, proposed, and I sent him on his way.
Somebody wants to ask me if I shook in my feet they would give me $100 I think the weird part was I was like 12 at the time and this guy was my uncle
Have a child and I wouldn't need to be involved with the child.
At 17. A drug using couple seriously positioned me to get their 15 yo daughter pregnant so that they could raise the child. As the wife was no longer able to have kids. And they wanted a baby. I declined. Ya, my teenage years were not great.
You want to come home with me and fold my clothes? I'll pay you 50 bucks!
I was walking to a conference at a medical centre in a well known sketchy part of a major city. It was daylight so I wasn't really concerned. A very tall man walked up to me, he looked friendly enough, and said "hey! How you doing? You, uh, wanna get married?". I said no thank you, I already had a husband. He said 'oh, ok'.
After health class in ninth grade, two girls, both named Lori, asked if they could suck my dick
An old friend of my brother's from high school once stopped me on the sidewalk while he was driving by. I'd known him for a long time but we were never close and I hadn't seen him in a couple years. I was maybe 20 walking to work. He told me he'd been looking all over for me and wanted to sell me an Uzi. He showed me said Uzi, as far as I could tell it was real. He asked for $50 for it. He absolutely could not understand why I didn't want it. "That's cheap as hell. You know how much these normally cost? What's wrong with you?"
I was offered by a girl to hook up after I had met her a few weeks prior… in my Freshman year.
i was on a sun lounger and a guy asked to suck my feet - im not into that stuff and i had athletes foot so it was a hard pass from me
“I’ll give you a solo barracks room if you iron the outfit that I’m wearing to the club tonight” he proceeded to hand me jeans and a Rocawear button down shirt. You’re goddamn right I ironed them for him.
My boss and his wife both worked for the same company. He said if he didn’t tell his wife that he wanted to sleep with my coworker, he’d give me a raise. … I didn’t even know he wanted to sleep with my coworker before he said that to me. He wasn’t even sleeping with her. He just wanted to. He could have kept that completely inside, and never said anything. I’d have never had anything to tell his wife, and he would have saved another $4/hr. The coworker he wanted to sleep with also left the state for college about a week after he told me this… So he didn’t even have the opportunity to make any sort of move on her at all. Just the most pointless confession/proposal ever.
I was one time lost in Newark New Jersey. I am a pure white dude driving around in a beat down pickup truck. I was driving around in the day time with my windows rolled down which I didn’t know was a sign for I want drugs. I was driving around and I would randomly here someone yell like “hey” “yo” and etc. so I pull up to a red light and I hear “hey man I got what you need.” And he repeats this a few times before I realize he’s looking and talking to me. “Me?” Drug dealer: “Yeah man I got what you need I got that rock.” Me: “Oh no I’m fine thank you.” “Yo man I got that diesel.” Me:” No thank you sir (Pointing at him) but I appreciate you asking. Dd: I got weed rock diesel everything you don’t want anything? Me: oh no but I hope you find someone that does. (Light changes) ok man I hope you have a nice day! Dd: (confused look) yeah man I hope you have a nice day too. I just remember driving off hoping that that was the nicest way he’s ever been denied buying drugs. I finally found a cop and pulled over to ask for directions and the black police officer when he sees me looks at me and says. What are you doing here? And I said I’m lost. He said you sure are your going to follow me to the park way. Not a great story but I hope that drug dealer had a nice day.
Many years ago, when I was a server in an Italian restaurant, a couple made a proposition to me to be a “professional cuddler”. They insisted they ran a “cuddling business” and said that people paid them to cuddle them, no matter the age, gender, etc. Freaked me the fuck out. Looking back, I don’t know if that was code for pumping me out, or it was a legit creepy cuddling company. I may never know.
Does my ex asking me for a vial of my blood count?
Somebody once tried to recruit me into an MLM while I was pooping in the combination Wendy's Tim Horton's Bathroom
I went on a first date with a girl. She was really fixated on my last name. Turns out she knew a few of my cousins from another city. Once she found out they were my cousins, she went off the rails with how they would absolutely flip out if we eventually got married and she was now in their family. They knew her. They confirmed my suspicions. There wasn’t a second date.
Standing near a subway entrance after a long day at a music festival in nyc a homeless person walked by me and some friends and said, ‘WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT BREACH BABIES?’ and then as we started to walk away she said, ‘WAIT, where you goin? I though you was takin me home‽’ and while going down the stairs she yelled, ‘ONE IN THE MOUTH, ONE IN THE ASS, ONE IN THE PUSSY!’ i didn’t entertain the offer.
Whilst MC-ing a public event in a town square, I (M20) was approached by a woman (F29) politely asking questions about what the event was for and why I was on the microphone. Thought nothing of it and answered her questions, told her I get the gig cause Im a volunteer guide in the city and know people. She then informed me that she is here from Egypt, gave me a souvenir fridge magnet from Egypt and asked if I could give her the usual tour I would give. Well, I had just made bank for like 40 minutes of presenting and had the day off so I said sure and gave her the quick tour of the city. As we walk along she starts to ask me questions about religion, sexuality, saving yourself for marriage etc. I started to nope put and wrapped it up at the station where I thanked her for the magnet and told her I hope she enjoyed the city. It's at this point she TELLS me that she will have to meet my parents at Mass this Sunday before she returns home otherwise her parents will not allow me to ask for her hand in marriage, and that once she meets them I will have to make my way to Egypt within a few weeks. I more or less let her know she was about to miss her train and she pressed me for my number, I politely declined. She then began to stalk me online for months to come, making new accounts to call me on messenger and Instagram all the time. Fml. Still got that magnet tho
"I never want to see you again"
A guy asked me if he could pay me to put on a pair of high heels and kick him in the balls. I'm also a guy and I said yes
Bundle all the bills and split the sum evenly. Because my older brother (29) hasn’t paid the gas bill in 4 months, now we don’t have heat, hot water, or a stove to cook on. And the gas bill is somehow $900+. And his late of his share of the mortgage. I pay $500, he’s supposed to pay $500 as well (but mother likes him more so they split $250ea).
But if you sell him (x) for 55 and sell him (x) for 55 then you can sell me (x) for 15! The two other guys looking to buy product were right there in ear shot and dudeman did not end up getting anything that night.
Was picking up a coworker in the very early morning of an area that is known for rampant drug use and crime. I was super super nervous going to that area at all. He texted to tell me he was coming downstairs and needed some help loading bags. I got out of my car and got the trunk open and started heading towards his apartment door. An extremely drunk and high lady came up and told me a whole story about how she'd need turning tricks until her uncle kicked her out. She needed to catch the next bus but didnt have fare. She offered to suck my dick for the $2.50 or w/e it cost. I politely declined and gave her to contents of my coin dish in the car. Hopefully it was enough. TLDR; got propositioned for oral sex for the staggering price of bus fare
Was approached by a couple from my town, that I barely knew. I was born in a different country. These two had a plan that the guy and I would marry, move to my country of birth so that he could get citizenship, and then he'd bring his girlfriend over. Can't remember exactly how old I was when this happened, but not over 16-17 years old. They sat at the table with me, completely serious. Meanwhile, I'm thinking wtf?
I was in cross country in high school. We regularly ran at this one park. On day after finishing a run, 3 of us guys were just hanging out I'm the parking lot chatting. This dude from a house across the road that was having a bonfire comes over, and Saya "I've been dared to get your socks. I'll pay for them" so all three of us gave him our socks and we each got $60 richer.
I was somewhere between 18-20 and my two best friends were both gay (I am not.) They liked to go clubbing. I liked to hang out with my friends. I would go clubbing with them. At gay clubs. I had always thought my friends would have my back in the event I was being hit on and they wouldn't quit. One night, this guy keeps following me around and won't get the hint (you know, the sorry not into dudes hint). Finally he comes up to me when I'm with my friends and I go to have them assist me, only those fucks booked it laughing. The guy is holding a candle and goes, "will you hold my candle?" It's been 15+ years and I'm still not sure if I was propositioned or the dude generally needed me to hold his candle.
I was 16, working at a Kroger as a bag boy/lot attendant. It’s 10:30. The town is dead af. It’s silent out. I went outside to wrangle carts back in. As I’m pushing 15 or so carts back toward the bay, I notice a weird shuffling in my periphery. I turn to look as it approaches — a woman of undetermined age, illuminated a sickly orange under the parking lot lamps. “How’d you like to push me in one of them carts?” “Huh?” She wobbles toward me. Not quite a limp. Not quite a walk. I can see the dry skin on her face as she gets closer. “I’m talkin’ bout fuckin’.” “Uh…” “I don’t mind playin’ for it if it’s good.” Before I can respond, the manager pokes his head out the door and yells at her to get the fuck outta there. Then he proceeded to bitch about how the store had too many crackheads nearby. I had no idea. To this day I think of Eddie’s leper from It.
I had I guy try to get me to fuck his girlfriend, he was standing outside my university looking lost so I asked him if he needed help. He then pulled out his iPad and started showing me pics of his girlfriend in lingerie. He was very persistent that I fuck her. I said no and eventually just ran away from him.
I had a cab driver ask me if I wanted to be a drug mule. He wanted me to smuggle khat into the country. With no intention of accepting the offer, I entertained it. He said my plane ticket and accommodations would be paid for along with a bit of spending money. Each successful trip would net me $5000.
Not exactly weird, but weird that it happened to me. I got propositioned while standing in a dumpster. I was working as a temp laborer at a construction site (building the Sonic Drive-In in Elizabethtown, KY) and throwing large chunks of steel and concrete from the overfull dumpster to the new one so the full one could be hauled away. A young lady who was there to interview for a waitress position watched me for a few moments, then told me "You should come use my shower when you're done." Sadly, I was engaged at the time, but if I'd known what my future ex-wife was going to turn out like, I might've taken her up on the offer.
Was offered sex but the way it happened was nuts. My mum had to take an ambulance to the ER and whilst I was sitting in the lobby, I noticed this staff member (in her 20s) walk past a couple times, she never said anything, just smiles. Fast forward half a day. (Mums fine, we are home) I get this friend request on Facebook from a nurse.. turns out she went into my mum’s medical records, found out I was her son then found me online. She started sending me nudes pretty quickly. If only I could remember her name I think I still have the Facebook chats. This is probably like 15 years ago now. Think I was/borderline 16
When I was 16, a larger coworker (at TGI Fridays) in her 40s and who smelled very strangely, said she was a Druid witch and offered several times to take me back to her place and have sex with me while surrounded by lit candles with angry chanting music. I declined. I actually tried to complain to management, as she kept asked after I firmly told her no and to stop, and they laughed at me.
Working at Walmart, guy asked for help finding a perfume for his girlfriend. Then he grabbed my hand and asked me to marry him. He did this to 5 girls in one week until management finally did something about the dude.
Reading these, I realize my life has been pretty regular. Got nothing crazy like this to share. I'm just here for the stories.
Ex gf informed me an old roommate of hers wanted to sleep with me (m), to see if she (the roomate) was even into guys anymore.... This was pre cutting-the-ex-off entirely and felt too much like being pimped out by someone who couldn't give a shit about my mental health. The ex's roommate found out she liked girls in her own time.
Me, Male friend coworker, with female friend coworker, amongst other coworkers at a bar. Female looks at me and other male. Says if you two make out, I’ll suck both your dicks. We looked at each for like 2 seconds and started laughing, etc. He & I didn’t go through with it.
A random woman walked into my garage, when I asked her what she was doing she asked me to drive her to the hospital, she seemed completely fine to me. I thought for a moment I should take her but I didn't feel comfortable, I asked what was wrong and she said she was hungry.
I met a couple at a bar, she wanted me and wanted him to watch... I saw them for a while to give her what she needed, but not long after I met my partner and stopped. She is still obsessed years later, occasionally chat.
26 about to be laid off, was proposed to move to China and teach kids, with no prior experience,and make more than I was currently making. 12 years later still here.
An old friend asked if I'd suck his dick and offered to reciprocate if I did. I never did and never would
I was asked to enter a bare knuckle fight ring. I was young (22) and experienced with Karate, Krav and a couple of other systems on a minor level. Fought four times, won two, lost two and earned me a glorious depressed nose fracture. I was beyond vain and cocky (British Soldier with an invincibility complex) and those losses taught me more about myself that I ever realized. Good times, would recommend, especially if you get to trampoline your opponent’s sister. (I know, I was an utter twat back then!)
At the Hollywood Halloween Street Carnival about 2002, I was in my full Slytherin regalia when a hot blonde dressed as a slutty Gryffindor girl approached me, looked me up and down and asked me to marry her. I was greatly amused, my girlfriend (at the time) about 2 feet away from me, not so much. She grabbed my arm and pulled me away.
I had a gay coworker that was a member of a bar sports league. He would always invite people from work to come join the league. I went one week, he follows me into the bathroom and makes a proposal. He says, “if you show me your dick, I’ll buy all your beer every time you come, I make this offer to everyone who joins, but it’s a one time offer”. I refused the offer, took my piss and zipped up. I went back outside to play my next next game. I became more observant over the rest of the night and realized that most of my coworkers were drinking on this man’s dime…
I'm a professional domme...how much time do you have?
I'm honestly impressed by the confidence of this guy. Even if his proposal was completely out of line, you have to admire his audacity. Or maybe he's just clueless.
15 year old student during a class recess, elated after learning that I was probably even a bigger fan of Radiohead than she was. We had a good laugh.
Uber driver casually offering to help set me up with a human trafficking operation across states lines when all I asked him was where I could get some weed
"If you give me $50 in cash, I'll give you a $60 Amazon gift card." Not that weird, I know. But he was my roommate and he would offer me this almost every week. Sometimes it was even just him sending me money on venmo. I was finally like, dude there is a free atm at the grocery store. Go get your own cash. AMTA?
Female friend offered to fuck me if I broke up with my crazy girlfriend. Win win. I wanted rid of the crazy GF anyway.
Ordered freshly squeezed orange juice. At first they didn't know what I meant with the freshly squeezed part, even though it said it like that on the menu. When we got that part established, they asked me warm or cold? I was like cold.. what? Yeah cold.. what? Cold. It really took some time to register what happened. I then got it lukewarm and based on the taste probably with a touch of mold.
Maybe not a weird as some of these but I’m a graphic designer and a guy with same name as me emailed me. He had an alpaca farm in Colorado and wanted to work with others that had his same name. Offered a lama nit scarf for a logo. Needless to say I do not own an alpaca scarf.
Door knockers trying to get me to vote republican.
He’s going to need more than a dollar once Nintendo’s legal team finds out
he deserved even more, I hope he is getting thousand of dollars beatboxing the super Mario theme
that's rad
Too bad you didn’t have some gold coins to give him
Overwold or underworld? I think the original Super Mario Bros underworld music would be great for beatboxing.
And that's what I needed before leaving this thread. Thanks you and goodbye.
just a dollar?
EYE BLEACH WHERE IS THE EYE BLEACH
Maybe they lied about the bj since they can't really defend themselves no more.
lmao, it definitely feels too heavy, and it's completely normal to have felt surprised, on top of everything being so random all of a sudden, I think the sublime thing about your coworkers was the cherry of the cake
BRO. Lmao im dead thats enough of this website for today freals
"I said, what? You want me to? Who do you think I am? I would never..... Unless you pay me
Was this at a bookstore…? Because I have worked at Borders and Barnes & Noble and the average age of most of the workers was late teens to mid 30s so I guess the true average would be like 20 somethings and things were often very weird (odd regulars, strange customers) and very horny behind the scenes among the employees and sometimes between employees and customers. It was kinda like a real life Empire Records and some of the relationships were very inappropriate and I’m not a judgey person and kind of a hippy. One girl had a stalker and we had to call the cops on him. Things were always weird. Weird was normal. You know the book store sketch from Portlandia? I knew people in real life who made Fred Armisen’s character seem normal.
Your coworkers just wanted a funnier story to tell other people
Jesus ... Guess when someone gets that old they don't have time to feck around and just go for the gusto ? No flowers, no candy just wham !
You ain’t lived till you’ve had a gum job my boi. My ex (she was 31 and I was 19 at the time) had her teeth taken out cause they were absolutely fucked. I used to bout get upset getting head from her cause I knew our relationship wouldn’t last forever and I’d probably never get head that good again. Nobody has came close (pun intended)
Tattoo on the cock is one of the worst things I can imagine 😭
People tend to underestimate that a human bite can be dangerous, you did the right thing.
bro that's heavy... 💀💀💀
I know someone with a tattoo on his dick
I feel pain down there just reading your story... that's seriously effed up
What's her snap?
As long as she finishes the first job before she starts the second, I'm game.
Man if I was single and she was a good artist I'd have taken that offer in a heartbeat! Tattoos are expensive...
Yeah, and that tattoo is permanent. There is no telling, she could flake on the tattoos and then what?
Is she still a tattoo artist? I’ll take the deal😂
From one Craig to another, you chose well
Bro that was such a a good offer 😭
Tanizaki Junichiro has entered the chat
There's a bunch of horny lunatics in this thread, man. Her name wouldn't happen to have been Nicole, would it?
Hmm I'd consider it... I don't mind a good bite on my cock... but the initials, but then again free tattoos 🤔
.. the biting of the cock seems to be a thing ;)
She literally proposed to your cock not you and WTF
that's the moment that you would remember after some days and just think "wtf"
I had the same thing happen with a Ukrainian woman last year at a train station! She was a refugee here from the war and was wondering if I wanted to get hitched. Had multiple kids with her Very beautiful, but about twice my age
I think I just saw that lady on Reddit. She’s divorcing her husband for not buying a house.
This honestly just feels like she was making a joke. Exhausted from dealing with five kids on her own, she turns to you and makes a “Wanna marry me?” joke.
I uhh...think I'll just stick with the tomato soup today
Some dude with missing teeth and a box of wine tried to convince me to marry him and "be a kept woman". Pretty sure my income was about 10x his. I also got offered marriage and being a kept woman by some guy from Dubai but yeah... Even if his income was probably 1000x mine, I was not interested. I went on to marry a man who supports my love for my job and is proud of me for making a difference in the world instead.
Stifler's mom? Stacy's mom? Mrs Robinson?
I wonder if she was in some kind of legal bind? Maybe she had to get rid of billions of dollars before and ex husband could get it? Or maybe her holdings in some billion dollar company? You could have been rich bro!!!
Five kids will make a 25 year old look 45.
Desperation ☹️
Sure it wasn’t a dude? ‘Cause she had big balls!
That's a big feck no on so many levels. :)
that's scarier than weird, wtf
I told you it was a coincidence! My sister-in-law's therapist's nephew was meeting some friends in town and I was the only one who could drive him cos everyone else was busy either getting covid shots or not stalking you. I mean... locating new taco Bell locations.
You took your kids on a first date with a guy?
I would definitely talk to someone about that
just was a illusion lol i think you took the right decision, and then think like what you were, a 12 kid 😂
damn, a "secret" like that just makes everything weird, I hope that doesn't bother you
well, that doesn't sound bad at all
Were the speakers real?
White van speaker scam. Nice!
your life worths more that $10000 and a lot of abuse, "no thanks, go and lose yourself"
Call me crazy but if he has the money to throw 10k at you then you'd be getting more than $10k in a divorce. No dice bud. Hope you are in a much better place now.
Did we leave the same guy? Lmao this is almost exactly what my ex husband promised if I stayed with him. Was also a DV sitch.
My best friend finally divorced her abusive husband but before the divorce was final he offered her $20k to stay with him. She left his ass. Good fucking riddance.
It would have been a very funny anecdote lol
Sounds like r/playful-elevator-403 is a real lot lizard
I would be so into that.
Way of the road, Bubs!
If it was a black Freightliner, it could've been my ex
Depends on hotness
50/50 shot you end up murdered.
being a man was reason enough to do it, I'm regretting of that and I'm not even you 😩😩
wtf... is that normal or even something serious? sounds like something really bad tbh
Obviously you said yes, right? Hahaha
good decision, that whole topic usually becomes very serious and is best avoided
shoot for 35k i would have done it
to be honest, i imagine him as one of those slander memes
>I’ll give you pudding and then you pass out. Lmao. That’s so bad.
lol, he was writing and entire book of those scenarios
I'm not gonna lie to you, that is a really hard decision...
How much did you get for the Jag?
So continued sex and a convertible Jag? The hell is wrong with you?
Why did you stop?
one of the best ways to do a proposal, wish this happening in my life someday lol
This is hilarious
damn, that's heavy, sounds like wanting something like an open relationship but not knowing how to
Sounds like he sent that text from her phone lol
Funny enough, this guy's experience is almost precisely the way I went poly, except I was clear that I was in another relationship that was potentially being opened from the outset. She asked to meet both of us to vet the situation and make sure it was all consensual, then hit it off with my then-girlfriend because both of them could relentlessly make fun of how poorly I'd handled the transition into polyamory. 9 years later and my fiancé and my FWB are still close friends. Amazing what just being transparent from the start can do; reading your post is a real "there but for the grace of God go I" moment.
That poor girl has no self respect.
thank goodness you rejected it... 💀
“So, like, I know you just got your license and all that, and congrats, but like… You wanna buy a sawed off shotgun?”
The guy who taught my drivers Ed course was arrested a few weeks after for drug trafficking. He never offered to sell any to students as far as I know tho.
Did he also offer instruction in how to use them while driving?
DAMN, THAT'S THE WORST 😂😂😂
Banks have drive throughs?
Just so there is no confusion, I am a large man who was on the slightly chunky side back then.
That 3 hr ride was to your death my love... you just skipped being trafficked
this is how serial killer movies start
>When I was 21yo, a 62yo rich dude offered to "take care" of me with 10k a month and let me stay at a fancy apartment , in return I only need to "spend time" with him once every Saturday. I politely declined. It's never like the silver screen, is it? Lol I've had weird proposals like that. And I've had guys make comments about my feet(?!) & ask to paint my toenails & take pics of them. I was a model for years. So guys have that degree of being comfortable with me when I have no idea who they are. People think "sugar daddy" = being taken care of. But when someone comes up to you out of the blue it's scary. And on that flipside, I've had scary stalkers too. Threatening to slice my ears off was tame to some of the stuff that happened.
Bro, sugar daddy territory is a good place to be. That’s too bad, but if the vibe was “off” I totally get it
It sounds like the most fun part of marriage at the same time, glad to think you laugh and enjoy that with your wife
She’s a problem solver.
This is one of the most wholesome things I've read on Reddit in a long time.
Like granny old or rather cougar old?
How was it?
What did you spend the money on?
u would say God blessed you in that moment? 🧐
lol sounds like serious self-love problems 😂😂
fuck, I don't know if I'm misunderstanding but, besides of the weird situation, it sounds like the best offer! I guess nothing can be that good and it haves a "but"
At the risk of repetitive comments...when is the wedding?
damn that's the most cools things that I have heard, some like something that would happen in some tv show or even in some animation like Regular Show!
Second dude sounds like such a chiller
Sonic is wild.
This whole comment was a trip and a half 💀
Honestly, that's the better way to roll if you're a drug dealer, or really any type of criminal. It's not like no one in the hood knows who the dealers, pimps, gangbangers, etc are. You survive through either fear or love, and if you don't have the muscle to induce fear, you better make people love you.
At least he asked to suck your peepee, instead of demanding for you to suck his. #Yikes.
Sounds like an exortion scam. Fake pregnancy and make you pay her to get an abortion. Or just the long con, hoping you'd have to pay her child support.
Lol! Are you guys still together and/or coparenting?
An oddly wholesome story, u/hitlersdick69420
So....when was the wedding?
damn, she really took the opportunity
Honestly, the amount of dick-sucking being proposed in this thread is insane.
not stonks📈?
But if someone else sucks your dick, they’re gay and you’re fine. The problems arise when they start propositioning you to suck someone else’s dick. $20 is $20 (or whatever the going rate is), right???
Maybe you were too messy for her lol
damn, that's the peak of insecurities, I'm surprised tbh
lmaooo, surely she just was into some pyramid scheme losing money and writing to people he talked some time before trying to catch a new victim
I had the 7-up delivery guy ask me if I wanted in on his new business venture. Their plan was to start putting boxes full of DVDs in front of stores for people to rent and their goal was to replace blockbuster. I laughed and said no. They were building RedBox. I wish that was the only business I said no to that made millions of dollars.
bro the weirdest offer in 2024 💀
damn, that's even sad, and yeah, pretty weird, I'm gonna think the first time she was agree with all of that voyeur/cuck fantasy, but is really sad how things ended
Is that even possible? The ovaries are pretty deep in there, I think... you'd have to reach all the way into her uterus.
This wins.
right now you have first place in weirdest that I've heard and damn, now I have the same curiosity
Eww what kind of a metaphor for sex is that haha
how disgusting... 💀
Story might have had a different ending if you hadn’t met at a bus stop 😂
lmao I understand how weird it is... In the same way, there are many women who offer their womb for cases like that.
#Handmaid’sTale
> What is this? The Old Testament? Rachel?
You've never heard of surrogates?
There was a court case with a similar situation. The woman ended up needing government support and the government sued the guy and made him pay child support so the government could give less support to the woman
basically she just offered you be that "he's just my best friend"
Yeah only do horrible things for money
damn, I understand the situation but well, I guess there's tastes for every colour lmao
damn, that's crazy as fuck, and really heavy too
A Grade husband response tbh
the typical romance movie but literally everything went wrong
I want to know why your bank charges $6 to withdraw your own money!
crazy as hell lmaooo
the idea of having a son in that way is crazy as hell
I don't know what did you answered, but I know worn panties are usually for 400 or more...
that doesn't sounds good, it's scary
now I know I never have to put an ad as a cleaner
damn, I guess he was experimenting in that moment
I would say he came out as gay the moment he asked to suck your dick.
Gimme a second, I gotta write that one down.
Reminds me of the next door hotel neighbor I had while I was stuck in a snowstorm in Albuquerque lol. He was like “Wanna buy ice” and I was like 🤓 no thank you.
damn, god really saved you in that moment
what a good opportunity
The second one definitely sounds like a very uncomfortable situation, the first one is almost laughable
Chances are pretty high that you have feet tbh
damn that's a pretty cool one! sounds even really funny
Started out because they had pens in common. Ended up with them having penis in common.
brother was having a shark mentality
You’re the second person in this thread to have someone propose that to them
Kidneys are worth like $35k!
30k what's her# 😂
So you kind of lost me. Did he talk to you about it at work or did you have to specifically be at work while he sucked your toes?
…what?
Who is this meant to be a reply to?
He was doing pretty well until he received a cease and desist letter from the copyright holder's lawyers.
It was over world
AAAARRGH I’M USING IT AAAAAA
This made me lol
Yeah it just felt like a line. Way to disrespect the dead.
Imagine if the bite detached the cock. At least the tattoo wouldn't hurt then .
Worse if you go floppy half way through and it goes all wonky
Imagine the removal
i knew a guy who got a single little heart tattooed on his cock very near the head but not on it. That guy had had several tattoos in his life. but he said that one who was the one who hurt the most. I believe him.
Whoa- yeah getting your cock tattooed is definitely overwhelmingly painful, requiring multiple visits as well as needing to keep the skin taut... I'd imagine.
I know an artist who would tattoo his own meat every Friday the 13th
I know someone who tattooed the word "soft" on his.
worse than the hard bite??
I have my cock tattooed it wasn't that bad
Us apes have an astoundingly high PSI behind our bites
What's wrong with earth's gravitational pull where you're from?
Commander Thomas Dodge, USN?
Wendy?
Same. He got the word "HUGE" tattooed clear across his dick. I've seen it. Pretty average sized dick if not a little over average. Definitely not huge. Really cool guy though. Edit: He also has an anchor tattooed on his ballsack and got the word "SLUT" tattooed on the inside of his bottom lip.
My friend has "AIDS' on his dick
Knew one who had "your name" tatted on his doink. Ran around trying to show everyone he could, errr nah, I'm happy for you and all but nah. He's no doubt out there somewhere telling some poor woman, "Hey, I've got your name tattooed on my dick."
A colleague told me he wanted fo tattoo "if you can read is because it's hard"
So are medical bills if you’re American… She could seriously infect you with that bite if she breaks the skin.
You had multiple kids with her? /s
Happy Cake Day
But you had a chance to be a "kept woman". Sounds like you missed out.
Nah, based on the eyes she was giving me, I doubt it. I get that from other older women sometimes, but this was the first time anyone proposed. Good-looking lady, though. I still have a good laugh about it.
Ah yes she is married with the nigerian prince.
And a lady boner too, apparently.
I was working as a Nanny, hadn't heard from him in 15 years and he emailed me to ask how I was doing during covid...and I told him I was near a certain other town. He then just started being at festivals, parks and children's activities in the area. Not approaching me..just lurking around too many times to be a coincidence. Then, lots of really gross sexual fantasy messages. I replied that I had enough stress trying to deal with my live-in job and my own family and that he was being awful. I had to switch vehicles and be super-aware that he couldn't follow me to the residence. Fuck you, Steve.
r/cakeday
I know stalkers make up random stories and shit but I was walking down a random alley in Venice and turned a corner accidentally walking into someone and it was no kidding a girl I had gone to college with in Colorado. Like what are the chances of that?
We all attended the same church and had done group activities with peers for over a year. After a workshop, he showed the group his car he just bought and invited my family for taco bell.
It wasn't a blind date or a Tinder hook up. lol.
A 12yo with RAGING hormones
drugs.
I wasn't working at the time, got to drive all around, and $100 was equivalent to working a 10-hour shift (minimum wage)....plus lunch.
Did you test the sound system?
It's an old scam. Say you're unloading high end speakers, they're usually pieces of garbage
I was honestly very flattered. But I was scared for my life lol. Plus she wasn’t my type
Honestly with politics in dance, I think he would assume I would say yes.
I ignored him and walked away. I then had one of my managers kick him out.
There's better rates out there. Good luck.
You mean $17k after the divorce. Minus legal fees.
No same
I know two people who both did it for less than $5000. This was 15 years ago though.
Dun, dun, dun dun dun duuuun dun
Dude imagine the horror on my face as I read the entire note
Jag would be nice but the maintenance costs are not worth it
The way it was phrased I feel like he was the one who wanted an open relationship and she didn’t. Even if the guy was the most amazing person, I would have nope’d outta there so fast because of that alone but he made me listen to his SoundCloud rap so he was already on thin ice when he revealed his secret long term girlfriend.
That's a whole lot of judgement without much information, champ.
The whole situation was absolutely nuts, I hope she left his ass and found herself an upgrade.
Indeed. I also changed instructors after that.
It was crazy. We hadn’t dated that long and I was shocked that he would even ask, let alone doing it that way!
In the US, we do. You can put your transaction in the tube, send it in to the main building of the bank and once completed, they will send it back out to you.
It probably would have been the best anecdote you could have, but lol, it's still a difficult decision, and I guess at that age you hadn't even seriously considered it before that question.
Yo, let me show you this cool magic trick with handcuffs bro! You'll love it!
Actually back then I was too innocent to even think about the danger. The only reason I refused was because I was not attracted to him, simple as that. Always a hopeless romantic by heart.
Nah girl, sugar daddy is never my thing. I'm always content with being independent and self-sufficient.
Pulling off some tough job together is always rewarding.
Old lady is slag for his wife
My brother in what world is that a blessing to the average person
Honestly at the time I was interested in a different girl which led me to saying no. I'm very happy with how my life had turned out but it's really funny to think how different it all could have been!
I’m curious as well
Hahaha maybe, I was living out of a suitcase while I stayed with her, I kept the things I did clean and was always doing housework. I left the room without waking her up to tell her I was leaving the room and she just started her period. I assume the two correlate.
Oh o.k. let me think about it.
Biggest regret of my life. Sad how it ended indeed
I had the same concern! Apparently she had been on both ends of the experience, and assured me she could talk me through where to- ... ... ...was that flirting. Was I being flirted with at that time. Ohhhhhh. Oh my god. I thought we were just talking about neat biology textures, she'd just been telling me about what a bitten off earlobe's mouthfeel was like! Fuck. (even in my consternation, lemme get out ahead of this one; a combination of squishy and shockingly, unexpectedly crunchy that was so unpleasant it is her primary regret about a situation she obviously had plenty of regrets over. she couldn't eat celery anymore! not the texture, the sound.)
We were doing the dirty and I popped a cyst on one of my wife's ovaries, so it's not like they are up in her rib cage. She was in appendicitis levels of pain. The ER tech asked what we were doing before she had the pain, we told them and they nodded and said that would do it. I guess it is a fairly common injury.
Right??? How much give are we talking here? I mean, I'm not going to try and make guacamole in there, but... is it like a layer of soft, then firm? Is it the same consistency all the way through? What's the actual tactile sensation of the surface like? You never know these are questions you want answered until someone offers, and you realize that "someone offers" is the only possible way you will ever learn. That or, like, the weird part of Craigslist. But then I'd be someone else's answer to this thread.
I mean, it seems very likely that I missed something about the situation. But it doesn't seem like someone asking me if I want to squeeze her ovaries because the texture is neat would have a problem just asking me to fist her, if that's what she was after. I suppose it could have been both. Like, "hey, while you're in there anyway-"
"I just hang out with him all the time." I wasn't going for it though.
Its a charge if you use the teller and not atm machine. Also fuck that bank, all i can say its in the arabian gulf ( i converted our currency to $ )
Very crazy as hell
It didn’t work!
Oh sorry for any confusion! I was at work on a late night shift and he asked me while I was at work. I got the feeling he was willing to suck them then and there. I kindly turned him down.
Pretty sure it’s a robot.
I CALL NEXT
Win win really
Pics or it didn't happen
And don't forget the potential for an infection
Welcome aboard
Hey I got that reference.
100% Beef
Welcome to Rio De Janeiro - and have a nice day.
Yeah i had to read that twice
Thanks!
I wouldn't change my life for all the palaces in Dubai
lol well damn
Have you contacted the authorities about it? I would have 1000% filed for a restraining order and had him arrested for stalking. That shit is super creepy.
Did she ask you what her napkin smelled like? Do you still have all your organs?
You knew him for years, coordinated and went to many events together and never had a previous one-on-one conversation? That’s a bit odd - even with an acquaintance.
There was definitely a guy in a bathrobe waiting for you upstairs
That’s why I asked
Maybe you lost out on a very adventurous and interesting life path as a male lot lizard.
if you put it in that way, I pretty understand the situation
I ugly understand the situation (I'm mid/10)
not into female truckers?
so basically he wanted to use social pressure to his advantage, that's already really stupid
I live in a ballet heavy world at a University and that boggles my mind that someone would act like that.
What's the going rate then?
That depends heavily on the Jag. Anything with a 4.2 V8 and 6 speed auto is a solid car. To be fair, they are getting old now so less reliable than when I had mine.
My old boss had a Jag. It was in the shop every other week.
>he made me listen to his SoundCloud rap so he was already on thin ice I get the main reason you said no, 100%, but goddamn do I hate when people shit on other peoples hobbies like this.
Yeah re-reading that I did not put in all the details. So what I was told at the end of the second date was that they loved each other but he wasn’t feeling that spark with her any more and he felt it with me. He knew some friends that were poly and told his girlfriend about it and she agreed to try it but she was really struggling with it, which is when he asked me to talk to her about it. The strong feeling I got was her choice was either break up or try poly with him which imo is not the way to start a healthy poly relationship. What makes me think he’s kind of a shitty dude is that his primary partner seemed to be needing reassurance from him and not from the girl he was hoping to bring into the relationship. He also didn’t tell me he was poly until the end of the second date. I am all in favour of poly relationships but I know I’m monogamous. I would have wished him the best and honestly been down to be friends if he had been upfront with me from the start. Giving his girlfriend my phone number when I had never met her and had been clear with him I did not wish to pursue a relationship of any kind was just weird and uncomfortable.
I gotta agree, while there might be more to the story, Apples is coming off as very judgmental. For all we know they successfully made an open relationship with someone that didn't misrepresent them online.
I assume you sent back a note saying, 'deposit declined for lack of funds' ?
I applaud that!!! Many of us can’t or won’t, so I fully celebrate your ability to turn it down flat. My life has turned out pretty good without it and I hope yours has plenty of joy as well!
This is my relationship goal, although perhaps I should work on having a relationship first lol
Getting sex and money sounds like a good offer to me
in that world where you love MILF or sugar mommies 😂😂
Fake. Look at username.
it's even sad to think about how things could happened, maybe you and her never getting in bed together, or you accepting the first time, lol.
What. The. Literal. Fuck did I just read. No. No. Get me outta here. 💀💀💀💀💀
You do know that you can't touch someone's ovaries, right? Unless you're a surgeon.
Didn’t work on you but there’s still billions of other people it could work on lol
Thanks… sounds like you chose wisely.
SWEET LIBERTY ##MY EYES
NO ME NEXT, MY EYES NEED TO BE CLEANED NOW
Winner winner cock for dinner!
I'll show you if you want to dm me
Think like a pirate. I want a man with a tattoo on his dick. Have I got the right man?
I learned it as Welcome to Jamaica mon, have a nice day. But either way!
Same
Not really, I had two small children to entertain while trying to participate in church.
It was a single story house
Young and naive girls might say yes. Thus person is a predator and ahould be banned from these events
I'm in ballroom. Straight men can be absolute pigs in it.
Forcing your hobby on someone who isn't interested is not a great behavior tho
We met in person so there was no online interactions. He specifically said he wants to go out on a date - not a hang out, outing, etc. It was a pretty classic out for dinner date. Zero problems with them being poly but that’s something someone you’re asking out should know early into the first date.
I wasn't calling apples judgemental, I was calling the person I responded to judgemental.
lol. That would have been great! I just sent it back and shook my head no. Never saw him again.
Not directly, no. She was pretty clear that it was a case of getting deep enough in there that she could arrange herself in such a way that they could be felt through the wall of the vaginal canal. I had some serious questions about the arrangement anyway because I am not sure there's any position that would bring them into that kind of range. But whether or not her offer for me to do it to her was real, she didn't strike me as the type to lie about having done it to someone else. In that several other batshit things she said turned out to be dead-on true. I actually met the guy whose earlobe she bit off later on. He seemed cool, but the rumor was that it took having his damn ear bitten off to get him to that point. ...I miss college, sometimes.
I like your optimism!
I’M STILL USING IT AAAAAAAARGH
Basement then
The basement.
I was involved in ballroom from the time I was 14 until I was 17. The straight men were disgusting, and many of them were making sexual advances/comments towards me even though they were over twice my age. I’m not shocked that this happened to you at all, but I’m disappointed that it did. Good for you for kicking them out!
Ugh. I would have gladly kicked him out for you. So sad about his 3 flat tires.
We're online right now, hence you misrepresenting them. I disagree, a date isn't a commitment, it's a date. You could make a discussion that maybe it's something to discuss over a hangout first but you went on a date instead. It woudl be different if sexy times was trying to occur without you knowing their story. But when you come on here then say you hope they found someone knew.. I mean you have no idea how good together they were or whether they were trying this together and one was just a bit unsure or nervous, etc. In fact you know so little about the situation but are acting as if you can make definitive claims. That's just not appropriate. You didn't like it and that's fine, but you should leave it at that, not try to classify others.
Yeah, I'm sure they'll badmouth my studio behind my back, but honestly I just wasn't in the mood for his bullshit. He's visiting the US on a tourist visa too, so I can really fuck his world up if I wanted to.
Gorgeous young coworker had a married slob twice her age tell her without preamble "My wife is at work. Come to my house for your lunch break." When she told me she barely kept from puking. She hid from this asshole for years afterward. To this day I regret not telling his wife what Hubby was up to while she worked.
When as a kid have you mistaken a stranger for a parent?
Well, technically, my dad is a stranger.
I sure tried to claim anyone else as a parent, that’s for sure.
I was walking to the shops with my mum and dad and my little sister when I was about 6 and I got ahead of them all and a little out of sight because I was walking under a railway bridge. I fell in step beside a strange man and without thinking I reached out to take his hand because I had forgotten I wasn’t walking beside him. He snatched his hand up out of the way before I could touch it and sped up while I slowed down because I suddenly realised that it would be very nice indeed if my mummy and daddy were a lot closer.
I remember I was at the cafeteria in my church (it’s part of the school there. Our church has a small school attached to it). I thought my dad was leaving so I went with the person. As we were walking outside, I noticed the sun casting shadows on us. I spoke to the person about sundials and I heard the person asking me about sundials. The person was actually a woman. I was so surprised I rushed back into the cafeteria.
What are your thoughts on straight people doing drag?
Do whatever you want, as long as it isn’t harming anyone else.
I can't imagine how it's any of my business.
I have more thoughts on the people having strong thoughts about them...worry about yourself is what I think.
Drag isn’t connected to sexuality…
Part of what drag is, is to serve as a reminder that everyone deserves to be seen, heard, and celebrated, regardless of gender identity or sexual orientation. So I’d say power to em
Don't care? Kinda defeats the purpose of a lot of movements if you attempt to limit art and self expression based on sexual orientation
Nothin' really. Depends on how cool their getup is
It's just a form of entertainment.
Not my circus, not my monkeys.
More power to them. It would help normalize it and remove pressures from people feel shame from it
None of my business.
How the fuck am I even going to know whether or not they're straight? Why am I going to ask? why would I? I wouldn't. Not something I tend to judge people by. I'm far more likely to ask them where they got their shoes
Whatever floats their boat.
It’s fine. Straight men have dressed in women’s clothes for centuries as part of entertainment, culture and performance
Each to their own. No skin off my arse
Honestly like 20% of drag queens are straight
I just don't understand drag, overall. But each person has the freedom to do what they like, as long as they don't bother others
\drugs I couldn't care less it's their life they are the one that needs to choose how to live it..
What's your opinion on homosexuals dressing as their biological sex?
Would it be considered bad along the lines of Blackface?
This is the only answer to any question like that anyone's ever going to get out of me
I get that. It's just a curiosity thought.
It's a genuine question. I like watching drag.
Best reply!
My god that username I love it 🍆💦
It's great to watch. So much talent.
True. I like watching.
I agree. Would be great to see it normalized.
Have you ever mistakenly worn diamond studded leather underpants inside out? Trust me. Skin would be dragged of your arse. \I would think of a better joke but i've got a migrane coming on and can't be arsed.
Oh cool. Thanks for the answer. It is a genuine curiosity I have.
I couldn't care less. I love watching drag.
Its not bad. Just a genuine question. I like watching Drag.
and you received a genuine thought and opinion right back. askreddit for the win. mission accomplished.
It’s clothing at the end of the day and a performance. Now.. I’m bisexual so there’s and added element for me when it comes to women’s clothes but if I had the attitude of it being what it is I would’ve saved myself a decade plus of shame
I don't care either it's just that the question is even more obviously ridiculous when reversed. If it isn't weird that lesbians dress like women or gay men dress as men why would it be weird if streight men/women dressed as the opposite sex?
No, but I'm saying those that wear Blackface can remove it at anytime... whereas Black People cannot and do face racism. So those honestly living this life, unfortunately have to put up with things, and it might be disingenuous to them if those just wanting to do it for fun did it.
Something to think about.
How did you know you'd changed for the better?
When people around me started noticing
I became happier with my life and stopped comparing myself to others so much.
When I realised my “innocent” habits like smoking and being lazy was starting to affect not only my relationship but my life, I thought I was chillin until I quit smoking and started being more productive. I would smoke cos of stress, but eventually once a week became once a day to multiple a day and have felt internally like shit with brain fog and forgetfulness (and at some point there was a long period of feeling derealisation, and refusing to believe that it was the smoking), so decided to go cold turkey and just focus on trying to progress in life. It’s freaky trying to better yourself but it’s the right thing to do. I’m saying that, I don’t think I will quit smoking FOREVER but I’m gonna give it a long time before I even think about it again
Stopped arguing online; my cat respects me more now.
SAME. I quit because my psych told me I needed to pee clean for him to prescribe me ADHD meds. I had been an everyday smoker for years but by that time was smoking 85% oil cartridges all day every day. My productivity skyrocketed, the derealization lifted, and I was just way less foggy and burnt out. Every once in awhile is fun but no more of that. Also, saving at least $200 a month. Super happy for you, dude! All the best!
The only one whose opinion matters
That’s very reassuring to hear, and yeah I don’t want to go back to old habits, I wasn’t even getting any sort of high other than a light buzz that would last like 15 mins then go smoke again, it honestly became my life how we would ration food and struggle to afford groceries just so we could get some nugs. Yea every now and then is okay, that was the original plan but it’s very easy to abuse without even knowing til it’s too late. Thank you friend, the insomnia and no appetite has been hell didn’t sleep til like 3:45am and woke up 6:30 with no alarm, couldn’t fall back asleep. But I know it isn’t forever and is just proof that it is actually leaving my system, that’s how I look at it anyway. Hope you are going well, and enjoy your day :)
I hear ya, 100%. Your appetite and sleep will level out, hang in there. Take care, you got this!
What the most unusual thing that saved your life?
A 4Runner’s front driver side wheel. A friend and I were getting lunch, he offered to drive so we car pooled. We were heading up to the highway, the road we were on is a hill that is a plateau at the top, which then leads to a downward hill. At the “bottom” of that hill is an intersection that is always busy since it connects to a highway exit. We were chatting and everything was fine, we just got past our hill and were at the plateau. There is stop sign for both directions there. I was just looking out the window, and he stopped mid sentence and had a sharp breath. A few seconds after this noise and I saw we rolled through the stop sign, I knew something was wrong. I turned to see that he was frozen. My brain literally didn’t understand what the fuck was happening and it took a moment to realize, I was in an uncontrolled car heading down hill. I threw the manual car into neutral and tried the ebrake. You could hear it click as I pulled the gear up, but it didn’t work. We were still going at this point we were going too fast to stall the car trying to throw the car in first gear didn’t work either. It was at this point that I really started to panic and my friend started to have compulsions. I decided to just steer the car into the closest thing. And this beautiful brand new 4Runner was it. Since we live in a hilly city, the owner turned his wheel super hard. My friends car hit the tire directly and there was literally no damage to the 4Runner (visually), but his car was totaled. A few days after he was released from the hospital and I asked him why the fuck he didn’t tell me he has seizures. He just didn’t answer me
Weight lifting
Not me but my father, he was in New York City as a telephone repairman for Verizon. He was a smoker but he dropped his cigarettes into a puddle walking to the subway. So he had to go down to those little kiosk stalls in the NYC subway, bought a pack of cigarettes, walked out past the turnstiles again to smoke them and then we'll 9/11 happened. He would have arrived at the ground floor and probably ran the fuck out of there if he arrived on time but he used that excuse to continue smoking till the day he died. Of Lung Cancer. But hey he beat out COVID!
Going to the gym.
Misread a map, ended up at a pie shop instead.
Lithium. Without it, I would be psychotic and likely commiting crimes, possibly even trying to murder people.
13th bag of blood plasma
This reminds me of something that happened with a friend. He was visiting his family in another state, won't specify because I'm not American and it may make it confusing. He would leave on a Wednesday by plane, but he decided to stay one more day because there would be a concert there, so he, the day before, changed the flight day to Saturday. The plane he would've been crashed, and because of a concert, he's alive now
How would you respond if your partner received pictures from randoms on Reddit?
Depends on if they asked for them or not
He’d probably reject the chat invite, so I wouldn’t be concerned.
I get d photos all the time. Makes me informal me. But curious what other people would feel about it.
I’m the one that gets inappropriate photos all the time..
I’d report those users
What did you do incorrectly in life that you are trying to fix now?
Living.
I used to think I couldn't make an impact
im trying to fix my existence by killing myself
What is one skill you wish you had, but don’t want to work to achieve?
Playing bluesy guitar.
Being a .400 batter in the MLB.
I wish I could play the violin!
Speaking Spanish
Making dresses and corsets. Do I want to dress up like an 1800’s aristocrat every day? Yes. Do I want to go through the painstaking process of learning how to create that level of dress making? Not any time soon.
Cooking
Training to have better memory or concentration or learning a new language
Speaking any forein language.
Mine are speaking French, fixing my car, having pretty handwriting, and snowboarding
Also remembering peoples names and knowing compass directions (which way is North from here)
Having safe sex
Yeah it’s be nice to just know how to do stuff and experiment without a recipe
Yeah that’d be cool, like playing in an orchestra :)
That’s a great answer lol
Pretty handwriting is actually rather easy to learn. Remember those worksheets we learned to write with? Yeah those still exist and will totally help you (re)learn the motions. After that it’s just reminding yourself to use the pretty way over the older and faster way.
Cool ok I’ll look into it
How did you recover from fucking up your life?
Lots of proactive action with zero excuses.
Remembering that i can still stand after falling down.
I asked for help and opened up about my issues. I was ashamed about my addiction for years then realized I needed to reach out. I thought nobody would understand and I’d lose the people I love. I was totally wrong and now I have them for support
I got back on my medication and called my therapist for an appointment.
I didn't because I cannot stop thinking about mixing up some random year 6 girl for mico (someone in my class)
Initially with self depreciation and allowing grief shame and isolation to sentence me with what at the time felt warranted and appropriate. After a significant time with nothing in my life other than myself, I slowly came to a place of realization that this sentence that I was serving served nothing but a consistent spiraling. Which benefited nothing beneficial. So I stopped allowing the shame and guilt to dictate my future. While remorse that the people I hurt via my actions and nefarious choices prior to my life radically changing was not within my control, acceptance and forgiving myself was the steps needed to be taken in order to turn things around. It's been a few years since my self destruction and I'm still working towards changing but reversion is not a option. I hope that my actions I take presently and continued expressions of reconciliation I make will have the affect to have the people I lost back in my life
Honest accountability, then start putting it together again. Learn from all the mistakes you made.
Exercise
can people please share about their traumatic experience and how they moved on?
What is your perspective on the Israeli-Palestinian issue?
It is, at its heart, a land dispute that was exacerbated by the post-WWII geopolitical environment (i.e., the collapse of the Ottoman Empire after WWI and resulting colonial power land-grabs afterward). Media likes to color it as solely a religion issue to make it more black-and-white and sell a narrative, but the reality is far more nuanced than that. Religion does have a part to play in the dispute, of course. But it's not nearly as cut-and-dry as (Western) media would lead us to believe.
A lot of innocent people are dead, and many more will be soon, before its over
For my entire life there has been a war going on over there and we've always assumed that it would be the start of the third world war. I'm absolutely sick of it and I don't care. If I live there I would leave I don't know what the hell so great about that area anyway. Oh wait, stupid religion. It's always religion.
Honestly if I never hear about that annoying violent slab of desert ever again it would be too soon
If the parties presented the situation to r/AmItheAsshole, the verdict would be ESH.
It's an ancient dispute that's been raging for centuries long before I was here, and will continue to long after I'm gone. I have no horse in this race....this is the way of religions and races of the past.
Don't have a perspective.
I don't have any perspective, because I don't care enough to read about the subject and being knowledgeable about it. I have my own problems in my own life, and in my own country. That's enough in my plate.
jews are the most disgusting thing thats walked on earth and what they're doing now is nothing else but a genocide. only those who dont want to see it wont admit it
It's like that Naqib vs Homelander fight in The Boys. Both sides are rotten to the core, but one have much much better PR.
Attacking civilians is a war crime. Both sides have done so. But, continuing to do so on such a scale is not a remotely appropriate response. Two wrongs do not make a right. Both sides should stop, allow the international community in to give humanitarian aid, and anyone who willfully committed war crimes should be tried for them.
My perspective is that too many people are dying. That may sound like an overly simplified answer but it’s also the truth as I see it. Palestinian people have been forced out of their home and into awful conditions (and not for the first time). How anyone can still be supporting Israel is beyond me at this stage.
Only Innocent people are suffering , its not good
Hamas shouldn’t have attacked on October 7. Israel response has been extremely excessive, apparently with the goal of completing wiping out/driving out Palestinians.
Israel has to go
it has religious significant to both, and both (rightfully) claim it as their ancestral honeland
"Both sides are rotten to the core" oh please, get real. Israel is a bunch of Jewish thugs from all over the world. Stealing what's not theirs. It is baffling how any Jew born in any country has the Israeli nationality. so now you get a polish jew flying across the world and start demolishing hundred yr old cities, slaughtering COMPLETE families literally wiping them out. on the other side "hamas" are men that where born and raised their whole life in A CLOSED PRISON watching his friends and family members killed every now and then. what do you expect my boi? Get real. at least one side is mainly aiming for soldiers while the other easily murder 5,6,7 yr old children along with their mothers. (and im saying shooting on purpose not "accidental" bombing) or kill a pregnant mother in front of her 5 yr old kid and leaving him to tell a story of how they killed his whole family.
Because as awful as the Gazans' situation is, Israel doesn't have a choice if it wants to exist. Peace can only be achieved after the eradication of Hamas, as Hamas teaches the children of Gaza to sacrifice themselves in order to kill Israeli civilians. If Hamas is destroyed, peace will be a very achievable goal
Nah we stay here, maybe turkey should go , hows the economy btw ?
Absolutely, and I'm not denying that. But the various faiths lived there in (comparative) peace before the modern geopolitical borders were drawn in 1948.
I'm an Israeli born and raised , so asmy mother and father . WE ARE FROM HERE , so get your facts straight not every Israeli is from another country "boi". Your whole argument about Hamas justifying the murder of innocent civilians, kidnapping and raping is beyond disgusting . What your Al-Jazeera channel didn't show you is they deliberately targeted israeli civilians so before you're crying about the Gazans maybe you should go do some research before saying stupid shit. If your government really cared about the Palestinians they would have do something by now for them . Wanna talk about the the gridy Egyptians who take thousands of dollars from Palestinians who want to flee to Egypt? Focus on your country "boi" you have alot to improve , your third world country needs to take the billions they spend on the walls and fences in Rafah border and actually do something useful with it . Smh.
Gdp is increasing Turkey shouldn’t go, they aren’t killing tens of thousands of children. Also we aren’t lying about 40 babies being beheaded.
it was more peaceful than today, but not peaceful… all the Mizrahi jews scattered about the middle east had fled to Israel over decades due to persecution and violence
lol so you are claiming you have no other nationality? xD ask your father again boi we care. there are millions of Mohammed Salah policeman waiting for a chance. hasbara boi keep barking nonsense keep killing infants as we "third world country" should take care of their corpse. :D k hasbara dummy dum boi boi boi boi lol why were you so triggered by it
Oh really somebody here skipped history classes, should i remind you about the Kurds ? Please i beg you , look up kurds death toll and see how many civilians have died by turkey. Cut with the bullshit .
What is the most weird thing that happened to you on a sleepover?
This chick got drunk as hell. Then somehow ended up in my room and confessed that she had been raped a number of times. She was a mess and basically just needed someone who wasn’t involved to listen.
When I was like 13, myself, my dad, my dad’s friend, his daughter, my sister and my buddy all stayed at a Great Wolf Lodge for a night. My buddy, my dad and I all shared a room and my dad took his own bed so me and my friend shared a bed. At like 4:00 in the morning I woke up to the bed creaking and shaking. At the time I didn’t think much of it and I was still like half asleep so I thought he was shaking the bed with his leg because he was restless or something. I asked him to stop and he then apologized and got up to use the bathroom and then came back to go to sleep. I kinda forgot about it after that. Around a year after that happened, the same friend and I were chilling in my bedroom playing Skate 3 when he asked me if I remembered our trip to Great Wolf Lodge. I told him I did and he then asked me if I remembered how the bed was shaking in the morning. Turns out he woke up a little frisky and started jerking off in the bed and then got up and finished into the toilet in the bathroom when I asked him to stop shaking the bed. The crazy part was that I was right next to him in the bed with him and my dad was not even 5 feet away from him in the other bed. I have a lot of wild sleepover stories but this is the first one that came to mind.
My buddy stripped nude, peed on the floor, and went to bed. Said nothing about it the next day.
Could hear my hot friends mum getting absolutely pounded out by his dad. I didn't like staying at his house because his parents made them go to bed at like 8pm (we were about 13)...clesrly it's because his parents wanted to get nasty lol... I remember once they finished and it all went quiet again I got up got dressed and went home (lived opposite) stayed up til 3am in AOL chat rooms lol
I always kinda hung out with the odd kids, since I had trouble making friends as a child. Nothing beats this one girl. We were about 10-12 I believe and went to camp where I met her. We got a play date and later a sleep over. They lived in a bigger house than mine and had a laundry chute (which my 11 year old self had never seen before). It was between two rooms and lead to the basement where there was a big pile of clothes. Anyway back to the story. My friend and I hung out in the bedroom and I saw it and asked what it was. She proceeded to get up. Piss her pants in front of me. All over the floor and everything. Then undressed and threw it down the chute. Later on we proceeded to sleep together in the bed, in the same room and I was woken up at 4, being told she has wet the bed, and I slept on the floor for the remaining night. She slept on her puddle. Safe to say I didn’t hang out with her much afterwards.
At Eric’s 4th grade birthday party, all of us were treated to go see the new movie Jurassic Park at the theater. After being scared shitless- but not willing to admit it to anyone- we went to Eric’s house to have pizza and a sleepover. 6kids in sleeping bags on the living room floor. Sometime in the middle of the night, Eric got sick and threw up all over but didn’t tell anyone and just went back to sleep. At least 2 kids rolled in it while sleeping and we woke up in the morning to a half-digested pepperoni biohazard with vomit everywhere.
When I was 7 my mom was dating this guy with a daughter my age. She came over for a sleepover with my best friend and I and kept asking if we would stop playing dolls while she went to the bathroom. We said no so she took a shit in the corner of my bedroom so she wouldn’t miss anything
Let me say my own, so this chick came over to my place and we had a great dinner together and I was time to go to bed, abruptly this chick had an asthma attack which I didn't know of..... apparently she forgot her inhaler, so after struggling she managed to come down. You know what? this lady had the audacity to ask for sex .... me who was already seeing myself in jail.
Not me, but a friend touched another friend's balls very playfully when he was sleeping to "check if he was pissed after the nightmare" Bruh. If my sleeping friend was a girl, things would turn out very differently... Veeeery differently
My friend got shit faced, puked in a bag, and didn't tell me about it. Needless to say. I didn't know it was there for a few months.
Apparently I got my face drawn on but when I woke up there was nothing on my face.
When I was 8 this girl was for some reason very transfixed with me. I told her she could put her sleeping bag next to me to be nice (she already was in the process of doing it anyway) - I kept hearing a rustling noise and then realized she was masturbating next to me and looked at me for like 30 minutes so I asked to be moved to another room. My friend’s mom moved me- then the girl asked to be moved too-The girl was moved to the other side of the room and continued to masturbate but not watching me this time. I didn’t sleep lol.
Friends dog got hit by a car in front of us.
Went down to the kitchen for a glass of water during the night and saw my friend's mom giving head to his dad in the living room.
Not my story, but my friend. He was at a sleepover maybe freshman or sophomore age in high school, and Russel Wilson was there. He wasn't close with him at all, but was acquainted with him through sports (likely baseball) and a mutual friend. Anyways, Russel and another dude were caught looking at porn. Normal teenage story at the time, but has gotten funnier as my friend got older / Wilson got famous.
I was at a Party few years ago. Met a Cute Girl there, we danced a bit & then wanted to do spice things up. So we went to a side room. We made out there for 10 minutes, Kissing & all but no Penetration. Then she received a Call from her father, & he was shouting at her. She really got scared & started crying 😢. But I hugged her & ease her. I asked her what's the matter. She said, "It was my father. He used to Rape me when I was very little. When I became a Teenager I confronted him. My Mom didn't help me but blamed me for everything. I wanted to leave my House 🏡, but I had no money 💵. So I stayed with a female friend for a few years. When I was in College I started working in Call Centre. There was a Girl who I liked, we became friends & more. We would mostly hang out together & go with Parties together. We even had Sex together & had Threesome MFF together. I want to Marry her but my Parents are against her. My Dad came to know about it somehow & that's why he was abusing me. I don't know what to do". After that I she didn't say her much, but instead she slept in my arms with crying tears. In the Morning, when she woke up, she said, "I don't know why I said all these things to U even though we have just met". Before leaving She Kissed 😘 me on right Cheek & said, "Thank You for listening to me & being there for me. U're a good person". After that we met her few times, then she moved to New York & married her female friend. They both are very happy 😊 now.
Woke up with Vaseline around my ass and a condom hanging out.
Almost a year ago, I was spending a couple of days at a female friend's The first night we got drunk and ended up in her bed doing the dirty The very next day, she had some friends over We were chatting and it got to talking about sex She suddenly exclaimed: He's good in bed, listen to whatever he says!
Man that's sick
Well was he asleep or just habitual?
If she trouble breathing then why would she ask for Sex?
I don't think you quite understand what the term "sleepover" means
How exactly were you spooning him?
How the fuck does that happen, I would freak out and call the Police.
Wtf
Scout camp? Because the same thing happened to me
And yet you inexplicably asked for this
I'm telling you I have never been scared like I was that day
So what did U do?
Got it
What's the most disturbing experience you've ever encountered?
what’s that one dream that turned out to be prophetic?
Does my ex cheating on me count? 😂
I one time dreamed that a cop aimed his taser at me. I later almost got tased by a cop.
dang
It happened at a library
Why do you buy all your groceries online?
Cause I do not wanna go outside and it is cheaper to order actually, weird, I know.
Because it’s easier and quicker to order online and get them delivered to the house. Something that once took me over an hour now takes me 15 minutes.
Convenience. I am doing chores while waiting for my groceries.
I'm a very sick person and sometimes just can't make it out there. especially the costco runs. those are a workout
For me, it reduces the possibility of impulse buying of stuff I don't need (although it happens from time to time on the apps)
I live in the buttcracks of Germany so there’s no grocery delivery service here but I’d definitely use it when I’m sick and don’t want to infect anyone or feel too weak to go. Though unfortunately for us the prices online are higher than in store.
I have never ordered groceries online nor to be delivered. I'm 2 blocks from the store so I drive past it daily
I just came back from Stop and Shop. Had to go back to the parking lot to get a cart because there were no carts or baskets by the entrances. Couldn’t find multiple items. Found my daughter’s preferred mini muffin flavor at the 4th mini muffin location within the store. Was stuck in an aisle because people with carts in both directions were either surfing Instagram or are Instacart shoppers not moving looking at their phone. When I finished shopping, it took 20 minutes to check out because all the aisles were self checkout and there was only 1 employee for 8 aisles to clear the constant error messages that kept coming up.
I don’t because I prefer to go to Costco in person even though it’s a 4hr drive
No, spending extra money, extra energy, and extra time buying #fucking basic necessities is weird.
Over an hour is such an understatement. And 15 minutes is an overstatement especially with subscribe and save or Alexa where it takes less than ONE minute or no time at all as it comes automatically. Fuck living like a caveman
Huge FUCKING Same. I SAVE money by ordering online, and 15% off EVERYTHING when I use subscribe and save.
📦🙂
At least you got to pick and choose your produce 🙄
You are the bane of my existence
Why would a guy hide about his relationship status ?
Because we're filthy animals
He wants to sleep around.
because he's a douchebag and he wants to date more girls because of his massive ego
He’s a cheater or an asshole
He wants to have his cake and eat it too (he wants to cheat but not be held accountable)
Alot to this story
What thoughts are your head full of ?
Dirty ones
Not really any. I’m a bit high.
Why get offended about sex questions? How do we cure this?
It’s about respect, decency, relationship to the person you’re asking, setting, intent and about 80 other factors that make this question impossible to answer. Everything is relative and I’m guessing you made someone relatively uncomfortable
More annoyed than offended. There are other subreddits you can post these types of questions to.
Not that there’s anything wrong with them, usually. But it’s the frequency of them
You want it to be normal for someone to ask you how/when you have sex with your SO?
Oh no, I'm just referencing posts on this sub about "how tired are you of sex questions on this sub?" or comments like "the mods should really do something. That's not what this sub is for." Or the tendency to downvote any posts about it. Like why does everyone have their panties in a twist? Just scroll past it
This sub is one of them, though.
The people have questions
Also yeah, apparently someone could use that insight if they're asking. No harm in that
It's not like you have to answer, or are getting hassled in the street. Just let someone who cares to answer do it
I mean, technically you can, but it doesn’t make sense to not find a subreddit where more people want to talk about sex.
I mean there’s askredditafterdark I think Something along that name
I guess I would counter by saying it doesn't make sense not to use this sub in the way that it's intended, which INCLUDES sex questions intentionally.
The people demand ANSWERS
Really though, one of the biggest problems with reddit is the tendency to shun or shift people into groups of like-minded people. It eliminates diversity of thought on a broad scale
Lmao im just speaking peoples mind’s
Hey I’m just saying what people think. Some people like those questions, others find them annoying when they see the same horny questions throughout their every Reddit visit. I think it’s fairly justified to get annoyed by them, when several of them are clearly made by people wanting others to fantasize for them in some circumstances. There are some good questions, but I rarely see them
Tbh I don't think I've ever once seen a horny question. Except for "which actress is the hottest"
I guess we’ve seen a lot of different posts then. But like idk how long have you been using reddit?
Quite some time, but I do mean in this sub specifically. Reddit as a whole has plenty of horny questions. Regardless I still think it's silly to get annoyed or want to change an open forum just because younhave to scroll .25 inches past a sex question.
Latter part is true. Bound for any sub to have something horny in it. I don’t report anything or get extremely offended unless it sounds outright illegal lol. I’m just saying I can understand being annoyed
Hey, is .25 inches big? Asking for a friend
What's the one stock you regret not buying when it was dirt cheap, and why?
Man oh man if only I could teleport to the early 1980s and buy Apple stock. Even though I was like negative fifteen years old
Dogecoin of course
Google bro. Cause I'd have MOOLAH
Well, if time travel ever becomes a thing, we'll have to start a 'Stocks of the Past' investment club.
What is that you can do even if money is not involved?
¿Qué?
Live for ever.
sex
When did a book or movie significantly influence your outlook on life?
The road less traveled by M Scott Peck. 30 years ago.
Walden and Moby Dick
I guess this movie “warrior”
Hedwig and the Angry Inch taught me that I'm a whole person on my own, and don't need an "other half" to survive.
" the stranger " taught me that life was pointless and that I needed to create my own or something. Or maybe it was 'the fall." I don't know, but absurdism gave me the perspective I pretty much adopted in my youth.
February 2003
They never influenced my life. The closest I can think of is shows like The A Team, Knight Rider, 80's action shows, i wanted to be a stuntman when i grew up........there's not much need for a stuntman in Ireland and I wouldn't move to America unless I had to
The year was 2001, and I was 14. I had always been a nerdy, somewhat awkward girl and was having the hardest time navigating my first year of high school. I read the first Harry Potter book in one night, and my life has never been the same since. I found confidence in myself that I didn't know was there. I felt less alone. The books gave me hope that one day, I would be around people who truly enjoyed my presence. I still re-read the series at least once a year.
After watching Matrix, I question reality when my toast lands butter-side down.
Underground notes by Dostoyevsky! Made me to leave my home and city just to get a better life instead of all the hell I was living. That book helped me to accept the facts I couldn't change while trying to stop being mediocre.
What's the most outlandish scenario you've ever imagined yourself in during a daydream?
As a kid I used to stare out the classroom window and imagine I was flying all around the building and trees, over the parking lot, like Peter Pan 💀
Having financial stability lol
Mostly just being friends with celebrities. I’ll be doing dishes and daydream about what I’d tell Sydney Sweeney about my day, or imagine Jake Gyllenhaal and I discussing about our workouts. I once had a weekend holiday planned with Zoey Deutch. It’s never anything inappropriate and almost always a realistic scenario if only I was actually friends with any of them.
I thought way too many times about "potential plans" from a Zombie Apocalypse.
What jobs are going to remain in 10 years from now and how fucked is gen Z ?
Everyone is fucked....not just Gen Z. they are not exclusive to this future privilege fuckdom
Broccoli haircut barber. It'll be like Starbucks. One in every corner.
You mean because of AI? Not fucked at all, lol. AI is atrocious at basically anything, and is just another tool for us to use--like calculators.
Luddites have been screaming we are running out of jobs since before your great grandparents were kids. It never happens because we keep inventing new jobs. As long as there is things to do and ways to make money people will find ways to use people for jobs.
I assume the discussion is based around AI as others who have posted here? If so, with the hardest working and best ever generation Z’ers at the helm, they would successfully use their time to utilise AI to help mitigate the climate crisis for financial reward? Pretty sure there will be plenty of jobs doing that in the foreseeable future. Like improving and protecting crop yields, farming, engineering solutions for changing environmental loads, carbon sequestration and storage (such as alagal bioreactors) , protection of species, new medical advances, support services etc. Steering and improving life for others. With AI future generations will wield capabilities beyond our imagination. Just now Security and analysis of data is already one growing field but there will be plenty of others. The limit is….. your imagination.
Have you seen the video where the robot figured out that its purpose was to do the same thing over and over and it killed itself?
Or women, amirite?
Was its purpose to spread butter
"Oh my God." "Yeah, welcome to the club, pal!"
What are some examples of people who have made bank but don't live like assholes? [Serious]
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
My high school biology teacher won the lottery. 36million. He still lived in his trailer. He still worked his regular job. He used his money to buy kids things they needed. Shoes, clothes, food, a bike to get around. No one told the kids he was well off. We all found out as adults but damn that guy is living a humble life that has a major impact on so many kids.
2 words: Keanu Reaves
Hard to list people like that. They tend to fly under the radar.
Keanu Reeves: Humanity's sweetheart with a bank but no ego inflation.
Warren Buffet. Stills lives in same ranch-style house he has for decades
Living with wealth doesn't mean you're an asshole. You just want to insult those wealthier than you. Stop it, stop being an envy monster. Just because someone lives in an expensive home/neighborhood does not mean they're an asshole.
Love this so much. This sounds like true integrity. He knew what was important and lived for that.
Someone's projecting.
Nah, that is fine, I agree. I mean, like an asshole green wrapped lambo loud exhaust in a neighborhood at 4am or like multiple ornate palace like estates they don’t live in kinda shit. I should have been more specific. Like, when you can clearly tell that the way the wealth, or the appearance of wealth is being flaunted, relates directly to how that person actually sees themselves, and how they hope to be seen by others. I see this is being very different than someone who has worked hard to be successful, made good choices, and has their priorities straight in regards to spending it to pridefully build a life that they’ve earned, one that their family can feel protected in and enjoy, and less so trying to get attention or to impress others. Ya know, living like an asshole does.
Absolutely. I mean we all knew he went away for the summer but as an adult I came to realize what I envisioned as a kid was nothing like what he did. He treated himself well in the summers and I’m glad he did. He deserved it.
How, exactly, do you see projection in my comment? If you're accusing me of being wealthy, I seriously wish. My family has never left the poor bracket since I was born, and that didn't change with my marriage. I'm not sure that you understood anything I said in my comment.
I wish you could type in English. Nice editing.
> How, exactly, do you see projection in my comment? Go to www.google.com Type in how does emotional projection work. Educate yourself. I don't have the time, nor the inclination, to deal with someone like you.
Hey, I tried hahah. For real, curious on others opinions here including yours. I’m noticing more and more outwardly materialistic culture over the years, but can’t tell if it’s always been that way. Of course sample size of one here. I think what I hope most here, is to identify some people who truly have done well, who are strong examples of not leaning into the temptation to flaunt that to balance your own self-worth. I think an obvious answer is Fred Rogers, who was born to a wealthy family, but with good influence used all powers that he had for a much greater good, living in service of others. I’m also kinda looking for Christian Bale still drives an old pick up kind of bullshit
I would say nobody likes those who flaunt their wealth, but sadly, the Kardashians are still a thing.
What is a better pick up line than “Do fries come with that shake”?
holup....is that really suppose to be a pick up line? that's a terrible pick up line.
Your feet must be tired 'cause you've been running through my mind all day.
"You must be an orphanage, because I wanna fill you up with my unwanted children!" - I've never used pickup lines, much less this one, but an old co-worker of mine claimed to have used this one successfully.
Did it hurt? When you feel from heaven? Hahaha
Nice shoes, wanna fuck?
Do you have a porch for that swing?
"You remind me of my mother"
Does a hot dog come with that shake?
Are you wearing space pants? Cause that ass is outta this world!
Pretty much anything, tbf.
My favorite pickup line: "I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?" Prepare for a groan and a smile.
"My love for you is like diarrhea. I just can't hold it in."
Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?
what's the difference between your pants and my pants at some point i'm gonna shit in em
Na, it’s a good one. Here’s how you use it…. Let’s see you seeing attractive person in front of you in the local Aldi line. You think to yourself how you would like to take that person out for dinner and a nice scary movie. So you say… “Pardon me, but I couldn’t help but notice you and wonder… do fries come with that shake?” Then the person gives you their phone number and agrees to meet with you next Thursday night for sushi.
I don’t know. That one sounds like some thing a stalker would say. “Hey, I’ve been watching you from those bushes across the street from your apartment. With a set of binoculars. And I now want to confront you and tell you I’ve been doing it all day. In the hopes that you actually find a charming and allow me into your apartment to do what I will do next…”
This one has a lot of faults in it. First, many children in orphanages aren’t wanted. They may be there as a result of a variety of socioeconomic circumstances such as drug abuse or family violence. Or even war displacement. Second, it implies that I don’t want to have children with the person. Which I very well may. There are probably more problems with this one. I’ll think of them later.
This one seems to imply that the person you are talking to his been banished from heaven. Sent back to earth an outcast. Not welcome in heaven, but not welcome in hell. Doomed to walk the Earth, unfulfilled and longing to consume the souls of humans in the hopes of regaining entry… That doesn’t sound like a compliment
Eh. Not feelin that one. Mostly because I hang out where people don’t wear shoes.
What is the swing? Does that refer to a dangling penis or set of testicles? Or maybe do you say this to a very old woman with swinging mammaries?
Yes. A Sigmund Freud inspired to pick up line. Here’s another good one. “I’ve on occasion fantasized about making my father disappear, and replacing him with myself to fulfill my innermost carnal desires. With you. Mom.”
Seems to me like you just took a good pick up line and made it less good.
I don’t get it.
“Ass” seems like a crass first thing to say to a potential life long mate.
It flows between us
Not bad!
I don’t know about this one. Doesn’t imply that the person was once an angel but was cast out of heaven, struck down to live on earth for commingling with the evil forces of the underworld?
I don’t get it
ah...I see. So, a very classical delivery is key.
It was said by the Fresh Prince of Bel-air. Royalty should not be questioned.
I guess it did hurt! Lmao
Where the fuck is that
I’m from the U.S. Maybe it doesn’t translate well to whatever language you speak. It references a woman’s butt. When she walks her hips swing from side to side.
I mean, if you wanted actually good responses, should have used the “serious replies only” tag friend. Pick up lines are generally considered to be a joke so that explains all the responses you’re getting, mine included lol
I don't think so
Totally. Don’t be a chump about it. And be sure to send them a thank you letter after the first date. Something nice and formal that sets you apart from the others.
That’s what we said about Prince Andrew. Until we found out his sweaty ass was molesting children on that millionaire pedophile island.
Bro, you need to get out of the house more
I’m glad you added an “lol”. Otherwise…how would we have known to laugh???
Pretty sure it does. Pretty sure that it implies the person you are fond of is an evil entity who walks the Earth. Unwelcome in heaven. And banished from hell, with the sole intent of bringing darkness to the world between.
Good point. always keeping in mind formality and class, given first point of contact with such clientele at the Aldis
There are very few places where people don't wear shoes.
No no, she just slipped
I’m starting to think you are implying that the fine people of Aldi are of lesser quality. Tell that to Roseanne. The ravishing 44-year-old woman I slid out of, and then back into, a pair of 1996 Wrangler jeans back in January. Her husband Clint was there too. Not a bad guy.
1. The public pool 2. Nudist communities 3. Hippie convents in Mount Shasta, California. 4. The Burlington county library when it holds it’s “Shoeless Tuesday Nights”. First Tuesday of every month. I could go on and on and on. And on.
I think she’s a dark angel, walking earth to consume the souls of men only to grow in power over decades until she can finally cast all humanity into a cloud of deep despair. Na. Don’t like that one.
There was no such implication, case in point, the fine vintage year of said Wrangler garments
So you spend more time at Shoeless Tuesday and Nudist communities than you do where you can use a pick-up line about shoes? And -I- need to get out more?
No no no, she's a regular angel who's gracing you and the room with her presence
You do. Get out and YOLO kid. Blink once and your life is half over. And you will say… “Hey, I never even hit up the local nudist colony!”
No way. I’d like to keep my soul in tact.
I've spent plenty of time swimming nude or playing music nude with friends at music festivals. But if you only hang out there, to the extent that you can't use a line about shoes, then you're not frequenting about 99% of places
You need to live kiddo. Don’t die and, in the grey fog of the afterlife…wish you’d been a shoeless Mt Shasta Hippie.
You need to get out into the wider world
I’ve made a life there, bucko. Seriously. Get out and live.
Seriously, you're talling about the smallest subset of "out there" you possibly can. You get out there and live. The other 99% of out there
Get off the couch. Leave your home town. Just GO. You got this.
You. Nobody wears shoes on my couch.
How you deal with a negative emotion without being toxic?
Do you guys ever feel like Truman in Truman show movie? Why you feel like this?
Not really, no one pays enough attention to me for me to be the center of a show
no. I never have such an all-encompassing ego
yeah because i'm bored and i think a 24 hr feed of a guy who spends most of his day bottomless and randomly doing jumping jacks is funny
Which part of the movie are we talking? When he is in no way suspicious about how idyllic his life is, or when he realises he’s trapped in a simulation? Either way… I am under no illusions.
The Truman show is not real, you are not in a tv show right now You are just paranoid, why not forget about your problems and eat some delicious McDonald’s! You could get a half price Big Mac meal when you use code trumanshow
My life feels like it’s nothing but a rerun ever day. Nothing exciting or worth watching
No. My life is so boring the show would have been canceled a long as time ago. “Oh look Mary, he fell asleep on the couch again and didn’t move for 3 days.”
Haha, 😂 just imagine we are in a show for aliens with MacDonalds as a sponsor of the show.
Yes that would be a very funny (BUT FICTIONAL) concept (THERE ARE NO ALIENS WATCHING YOU ON THEIR TELEVISIONS)
How you know?
What are the most terrible diseases you have heard of?
Rabies. Google it, its absolutely horrifying.
Reddit hive mind.
locked in syndrome
Flesh-eating Amoeba. 🦠 one day you‘re here, 3 days later you’re not.
by the time they diagnosed it he was dead.
Rabies
FFI
Marburg virus.
You get it by getting freshwater up your nose
If you could go back and not have sex with one person from your past who would it be?
An ex-gf. It's either her or my wife, so it's an easy decision.
What age did your mental health get better?
Around 25 after I decided to quit drinking
It doesn’t just get better. Not usually. Therapy, medication, self-advocacy, self-compassion, overcoming obstacles, not letting yourself stay in your comfortable ruts that encourage not taking care of yourself. Avoid non-prescribed substances. Addictive drugs will only make things worse.
Love how you think anyone on reddit has good mental health lol
When you go into 30s body simply has less energy to think about stupid shitn
at 50 ... so in year 2045
Hmmmm mine has progressively gotten worse as I’ve aged.
24-25 because I started therapy and medicine
Should be by age 488.
20 when I moved out
18 ish, as i entered college and got to broadened my social circle, met people of all kind, i realized each one is different than others, so it doesn't matter what you do or how you act, you're gonna be different one way or another. So i just decided that i don't give a fuck anymore, i'm gonna live my life, fuck the haters, what's the worst thing that can happen? Death? I already attempted to end my life before, you think i'm afraid of death? So yeah, i'm happier when i stop giving a fuck about what other people think of me
34. In April 2022 I began taking Haldol and started weaning off of my seroquel. The Haldol really calmed me down and now I very rarely get angry.
26 because of meds
34, after quitting drugs and alcohol.
It’s been going downhill since I was 14
i mean i wish i can say an age but its really all dependent on the environment im in.. i get easily triggered by certain people and their doings
25 is when your brain stops all the chemical changes I think? And finished forming. It’s easier to try meds and you don’t have to worry about side effects as much or whether meds will stop working. It got better at 25.
25, this is the common age for most people to become mentally healthier as the prefrontal cortex stops developing at this age. Also, don’t confuse mental health in general with serious mental illness. Those just get worse over time.
whatever age you decide to put in all the work and effort it takes to improve your mental health
People who are afraid of flying, what do you do during long flights to calm down/distract yourself?
I just try to remember that I'm just an incredibly fragile human in a fucking metal can flying through the sky at hundreds of mph.
I pop benzos like they were Skittles and wash ‘em back with bourbon. I love it because it really takes the edge off for me, but my passengers seem less enthusiastic.
Just watch "Airplane!" before the flight. That'll calm your nerves.
Take a sedative. Go to sleep.
shoot some ropes in the lavatory
I accept death and hope it doesn't happen.
I read somewhere that turbulence, even the most severe, only represents drops of like 40ft. Also, most plane crashes happen within 90seconds of take-off and landing, so I concentrate my anxiety to those times.
I just pray that the pilot doesn't want to die so they'll do their best not to crash. Just been on a 3 hour flight where 2 hours were very turbulent, even the stewards were looking a little pasty faced. That made me a bit sweaty tbh.
Update myself on flight safety statistics. Pretty sure if I fly now, my anxiety will be flying higher than the Airbus 737 Max's loose door.
Calm down! \slap\ Get a hold of yourself!
Excuse me sir, I'll handle this
What was your worst heartbreak?
Partner of thirteen years broke up. It hurt, I'll leave it at that.
My best friend dying when we were 16
At the time, when an ex-gf broke up with me. Got over it within a couple months and eventually realized it wouldn't have worked out long term, but it really sucked for 18 year old me. I'll give my grandmother dying an honorable mention since that sucked a lot too, but I knew her health had been failing for a decade before she went, so there was tons of time to prepare for that mentally.
What are the most unusual jobs you've ever heard of?
Chicken Sexer
Prostitute at spa centre
All the ones that are considered jobs.
What did you eat for lunch today ?
Leftover linguini and shrimp from dining out last night.
Breakfast
Homemade soup.
Subway but it doesn't feel like I ate fresh 🥲
Turkey breast slices with fried egg, ketchup on wheat bread
I'm also on the soup train: I made caldo verde
Homemade lasagna
Homemade breakfast bowl with hash browns, eggs, gravy, and topped with cheddar cheese
Nothing. Missed my opportunity.
Chili with tortilla chips
Preworkout at 10 am and nothing else. So… preworkout?
God that sounds so good
😂😂😂
Had that last night! But out of curiosity what kind of
😂😂😂😂😂
Did you add mayo or just the ketchup I’m trying to figure out what I want for dinner lol
I did caldo pollo the other night
Oooo that sounds good
Damn that sounds good
It’s ok
Damn that sounds good
Lol
I love sleeping in late on weekends so i often eat breakfast around 11-11:30
Chicken noodle.
I do that most days on weekdays lol
Men of Reddit who changed drastically for a relationship, was it worth it and why?
Yeah. I was on a long path to nowhere. It's cliche and it's totally from a movie but she made me want to be a better man. I found within myself a much more capable and mature person. There is a lot of noise out there in the universe and I think everyone needs at least one person to bring them back down to earth. I was mess before I met my wife. She gave me something to strive and fight for.
for me it wasn’t, i tried to give her my all, completely lost myself in the process , she ended up cheating on me and left me for the guy. 2 year relationship. Im not gonna change myself for someone else ever again. I am who i am, like it or not. I guess being 23 is a decent age to realize that.
Worth it for me. I was on a path to prison or death before meeting my wife. The best part of it was she didn't ask me to change (but she's happy I did). I changed my own way to be with her.
Absolutely. I used to drink to the point of passing out. I thought it was fun or cool to get drunk when I was younger but as I got into my 20s, a lot of my friends settled down while I carried on wanting to "party". Until I met the girl who is now my wife. She was up for a good drink when we first got together but she quickly saw that I didn't know when to stop and she discussed it with me. A few times. I changed. I still have a drink but now it's a glass or two of wine with a meal. Maybe a few beers with the lad but sensibly. It's been easily over 15 years since I was last drunk to the point of passing out or falling over or being an embarrassment.
Yes. The change was basically me being more positive overall. And I really had to try, almost like I was on a workout program. Meditation, visualization exercises, positive self-talk that kind of thing. But she was happier. I was happier. And I was still happier after the relationship ended.
Once when in my 20s. Not worth it. You are who you are. You can learn a thing or two, maybe adapt some things but that’s that. No partner is worth you not being you. If it doesn’t work with you being you, you will never be happy.
Unless you are unable to grow, every relationship changes you slightly. For me it was positive (cut down on drinking), but for many of my friends, they became more isolated.
I never changed drastically for a relationship but I'm interested in reading some of these responses.
Changed everything. Now, even my dog doesn't recognize me. Worth it?
She was stuck living with her family. I worked 2 full-time jobs and went to college so I could build us a better life. 3 yrs later, she cheats on me and leaves. Was it worth it? A little bit, I saved a crap lot of money, nearly got my degree but couldn't finish. It was definitely a low point for me and pushed me to get my shit right. Was it?
I once shaved my beard to have sex with a girl. It was ok and I lost myself that day
Gave up hard drugs, and yeah absolutely. As you get older you don't really get the same thing out of them anyway, but a good partner makes life better across the board. 10/10 would recommend.
Yes it was for me I was doing and selling drugs and after getting shot in a gunfight she said we could take things more seriously if I left the bullshit behind me and I did that was four years ago and no more court battle or drugs and I love my life
Depends on what day of the week it is. Depends on what kind of mood my wife is in.
I changed myself after a relationship to be a better person and not be the shitty guys women always complain about. Honestly, it hasn't helped at all, and my dating life is significantly worse. There's something about the traits women complain about that they still love and if you actually get rid of all of those annoying toxic traits, you also get rid of all the women in your life. I'm friends with many girls who will continue sleeping with a guy and dating a guy, months after they start complaining about him being awful and not supporting her emotionally or reminding her of past abusive relationships. Those same guys continue to find women and the women continue to go back to them. Trying to not sleep with woman immediately ends up with a handful of women saying "I'm so glad you're not like other guys who just want to sleep with me" and that's the signal that you shouldn't even try, even though they'd let you if you were aggressive like the other dudes in their life. But since you treat them like people and not objects, you get to stay alone and have other people tell you 'well, you're not entitled to sex anyways get over it".
Give it time man. Perhaps you're more mature than I was, but whoever I thought I was at 23 had no fuckin clue about who I would become.
i will probably laugh at my comment in a year or so, thinking this dummy didn’t understand shit at the time lol
How did you realize that you are replaceable?
Huh? When did you think you weren't replaceable?
Everyone is. That's life
The older I got. I'd say maturity really let me know I'm 💯 replaceable regardless of how good I do.
Everyone’s replaceable in a sense. So I just strive to be the best I can be so that there’s less people I can be replaced with.
Dont think I've ever thought I was irreplaceable, but life has certainly reminded me of the fact from time to time if that's what you mean.
I'm a man so that's my entire life As a husband A father A worker I'm expendable so why bother
When I was a kid
When did YOU realize you are replaceable?
I’m adopted and my mother would tell me as much, she’d say they could just “get another kid” if I was bad
What annoys you the most about your own gender?
guys that have to be the toughest in the room
Many men are irresponsible assholes who just want to enjoy the sex, but not the responsibility of fatherhood. NOT ALL MEN. But I see so many guys who abandon responsibility for the family if they split with the woman.
Simping
Our insecurities.
Princesses who think they’re all that
I want to be a dad because I love kids and want to be a good parent for them; but a lot of people would probably assume me to be some sort of weird pervert pedo for wanting to be around kids as a guy.
Us women fail to support each other. I find women are often jealous when another woman is successful and I hate it.
The women who glom onto a man and make him the center of their lives and forget their friends.
That fact that unlike women, we men don’t get to have multiple orgasms. Women’s orgasms are also better than ours. Men are flawed in that aspect.
Guys that treat women like shit!
That my gum Puch is on the outside.
I wonder why would men want to abandon a good woman 🤔
Men do the same pretty often too tbh
People who ended up in an abusive relationship, what are some early red flags you should have paid attention to in hindsight?
Isolation. Telling you that no one else understands or loves you.
She would come home and talk about how many guys complimented her or hit on her while she was out in public… trying to make me jealous I guess? Like get something out of me. I was just like .”oh, okay.. that’s cool” and change subject.
He was pretending paying respect for women and supports feminism. But the majority of his paintings was naked women and he talked some misogynistic stuff.
What's a great way to make new friends as an adult?
I'm watching Breaking Bad for the first time, and I'm imagining the scene when Jessie throws the money in the air at his house with all the meth heads and just shouts, "Money!"
A hobby shared with others.
Out of paper mache.
Talk to people and you'll find that certain people you mesh with and some you won't :)
1. Find a person 2. Latch onto person like the parasite you are. 3. Hold on. 4. Keep holding. 5. Keep holding. 6. Congratulations! You have a new friend!
Alcohol
Game nights at game shops.
Pickle ball
Jaycees, book clubs, exercise classes, audit a class at college, church groups, Habitat for Humanity, Geology Club, Travel club, hiking club, etc
Yeah, this! Especially on Internet forums for certain interests.
When did your childhood dream become a reality?
A couple years ago when I purchased a Sega Genesis. I then owned a Genesis AND an original NES. Childhood me dreamed of that.
What is your favorite Robert De Niro character (and why)?
Neil McCauley...cold and steely
The dude in Awakenings. His toothbrushing technique was top tier.
Louis in Jackie Brown, it’s such a unique character in that it really doesn’t add much to the story but still is indispensable. The scene at the beginning where Ordell sits in the office and Louis — De Niro — asks for the keys pretty much captures this entirely. Such a seemingly small role in contrasts to all of other De Niros casts but he brings it out so much, the empty gestures and those indifferent nods of approval he provides to this narrow minded provincial character. Love it.
The mob boss shark in sharktale
Captain Shakespeare in Stardust
Heat is great
classic. You know it was actually the first time DeNiro and Pacino finally shared screentime on that movie? After all those historic decades in hollywood, they never did until then.
What's the wackiest conspiracy theory that turned out to be true?
r/birdsarentreal
They're turning the freaking frogs gay!
What are your top luggage-packing tips?
You can gain more space, less creases, but more small wrinkles by rolling your clothes. If you are changing locations I would recommend a mesh laundry bag. So you can keep dirty stuff separate.
I love packing cubes
You don’t have to pack your luggage if you decided to relax at home
Zip lock bags.
> If you are changing locations I would recommend a mesh laundry bag. So you can keep dirty stuff separate. Additionally, by packing your dirty clothes in a separate bag, you create room in your luggage for items you buy while on vacation. My wife and I always pack a light duffel bag for our laundry, which can be tagged and used as an additional piece of luggage for the return trip home.
What will the first thing, you will change after getting rebirth on earth?
?
If rebirth is a thing, you wouldn’t remember anything. Only like you do in this life with deja vu‘s etc. Memories are stored in your brain. Brain + dead = no memories.
r/askreddit be tweaking this morning.
What do you think you can do with a million dollars?
Not spend it all on custom tuxedos for the penguins so I can say, "Hey look, they've got two suits on!"
Make it bigger
Pay off my house. Use the rest for pizza.
but $1mil worth of lottery tickets
Bend over, and I'll show you.
Retire
I don’t just think, I KNOW that you can buy things with it.
Buy a regular Big Mac.
Buy an average house in my area.
Not a whole lot, honestly
It’s depressing to me that the first thing I thought of was get out of debt, pay off the house, buy a car. Being a grownup sucks.
Buy a house. I’d actually be able to buy an old nice house around me because I live in a poorer county.
Not a lot. A million is middle class today.
It's not enough to be safe forever. The ONLY valid answer is : buying stocks.
Pay off my parents mortgage and have enough to at least consider buying a house in the area.
Go to the casino
These days? Small property with an ok house. Some 401k deposits. Maybe travel a little bit. Million is almost nothing these days unless you already have all the mentioned above.
Not much tbh. Fucking inflation is making it much less than I used to think when I got the idea of one million dollars from 90’s action movies
I can afford a really nice house...or a really shitty one if I want to live anywhere near downtown.
Blow it in a week, easy
make about 85k a year
The only thing anyone should do with it is invest all of it and put it to work earning for you. In an S&P index, it would probably average 10% return over time and would double in just 7 years. That is far more than paying off your house or any other “spending” anyone could do.
Instructions unclear. You now own a pizza house.
Maybe if you have a few more mil already..
Instructions unclear. You just bought an Average Mac.
A house without a mortgage is a whole lot in my book
The Double Big Mac would cost too much.
Men of Reddit. What are your biggest insecurities?
being ignored and not asked to get involved in activities
The fact that im just below avg pp size. Yes ik its not necessary but i've had girls tell me i bet you're big when in reality im not. So to say women dont expect isn't fully true Also I don't think i'm the best looking. I think with a haircut i can be cute/handsome though.
Due to some bloodflow/circulation issues, my penis shaft is a bunch of colors you wouldn't really expect for it to be, and it usually gets negative reactions from women. I also used to get bullied for it in high-school, the others would call me names like "the green hose", or "the purple penis", or "multi-colored log boy", so as a result I am still really self conscious about its unique coloration.
how people will view me if they found out that i casually wear condoms
Just not being enough, I usually dint know what to do and I always fear that I'm not enough then
Same here on the pp size thing
How expensive solar eclipse glasses should be? [Serious]
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
There's this misconception that the more expensive the safer. This is not the case. After all, eclipse glasses are just cardboard and film. The most important thing to do is 1) make sure the brand you are purchasing are on the approved list in the 2) purchase directly from the suppliers to avoid counterfeit sellers (anyone can put an ISO logo or safety mark, it means absolutely nothing) I personally got mine from  for under $4 each - Because they're made in USA (prefer it over the china stuff just in case) If you buy in bulk from them you could get them for under $2-3 each so it gives you an idea of their actual cost Anyone charging more than $5-6 for this is just an opportunistic price gouger There's a in the solareclipse subreddit that helps you prep and answers all of those questions
mine was about $10
the cheaper you go, the blinder you'll get afterwards. But at max 8$
What is the one thing you want or exists to mak life simple and good?
A 100% working lie detector We can fuck over so many politicians
"Minority Report"-Like self driving cars. We are just on the baby steps of it. I would like a massive embracement of them. at least in highways,freeways and etc
I know my spelling make is wrong but I don't know how to correct it after posting. I would appreciate any information/ suggestions. Thanks.
What is your opinion on the police force in your country?
It’s entirely dependent on what area of the country you are in. Around here, the small towns have uneducated, rotten tooth hillbillies that operate speed traps. The major cities are short staffed and they don’t have time to deal with your burglary, because someone is getting murdered, a few blocks away. If you go to towns with about 100,000 population, around here, the police are typically professional and do actual police work.
All good
Pretty good, only interaction I ever had with them was them checking us for seatbelts one morning, and they waved us off without even talking to us.
They're a dangerous gang
I feel their hiring/recruitment requirement, training standards should be much higher. Then the problems we currently have, would probably be reduced greatly. They are just not at the higher level of professional occupations that it probably could be. For instance, if a college education were mostly preferred/required with higher salary, the quality of applicant and performance down the line might change the culture.
I’ve had nothing but good experiences with them. It might just be that I got lucky.
Corrupt power hungry racist and violent
The police in the US are fucking trash. I think everyone knows that. I wish they'd all turn into fried bacon.
Power hungry most of them, u can get good ones but they are few and far between
Wait till you visit Russia and then you know what real trash is
I ain’t ever going Russia plus I think it’s illegal for me to enter
I don't doubt that. Do you live there?
What can it be done when reddit (the website or the app) can’t save drafts anymore?
Develop your own alternative to Reddit.
What was the first game you enjoyed playing on smartphone?
Subway Surfers
Jet pack Joyride
Not a smartphone but do yall remember snake on the old nokia phones? Underrated af
Angry Birds
What is your most unconventional skill or talent?
I’m really good at guessing which language people are speaking
That is interesting! I don't think I can do that.
What are some of the dumbest excuses you have ever heard? Can be at any situation!?
"I thought your brother look like you from behind."
Can’t come to work-I can’t open my door. Dentist appointment on Saturday.
I’m sick. I hear that all of the time from employees that are too self absorbed to carry their fair share of the burden.
Bruh 🥲
🤐🫡
Yes. He was.
Which university degree is the hardest?
I heard a PhD in Mathematics is the hardest, but I heard that from someone that got a PhD in Mathematics.
Okay mr know it all, what is?
The one is is not suited for you
I think that it depends on the university, but at mine, Nursing was considered by many to be the hardest.
Dermatologists down there what can cause hair loss and what is the most underrated reason?
What is the best example of the butterfly effect?
Gamblers of reddit, why are you gamblers?
Is fun
My millionaire baseball player best friend makes me .
How cool, who is he?
What video game makes you feel like a child again when you play it?
Dota and Diablo 2
The Legend Of Zelda Ocarina of Time
Animal Crossing
Pokemon
Metroid on NES
Crash Bandicoot 3
I've got an emulator and love playing Bomberman with my kids. Max nostalgia
Toontown
Crash Bandicoot
Tarzan
Super Mario
StarCraft. The first one.
Minecraft ofc, the feeling of nostalgia hits everytime
Hey,....Listen!
In the toughest time of your life, who are the ones having provided you vital support?
no one did
My parents and friends.
My kids and our church fellows.
Me, myself, and I.
It’s hard to pinpoint a “hardest time” when you are old. There are several. My sister has supported me for over fifty years. My spouse for over 20 years. Every dog and cat I have ever owned has unconditionally supported me.
God
Which subreddit everyone should visit at least once?
If you want to see pure racism, larp as a balkaner or arab in r/europe
Caffeine
r/AskReddit
r/YouShouldKnow
r/oneorangebraincell
r/askouija It's like Ask Reddit but every comment is made one letter at a time like a ouija board.
If you like to read, r/ShortSF has some great science fiction, fantasy, and horror stories. Some award winning stuff, too.
r/tifu \- Because everyone needs a reminder their day wasn't THAT bad.
r/unclebens grow your own
Highly recommend
what do u think abt the quote « no one will love you if you’re unattractive » ?
Wrong, it’s only when their insides rotted, that the outside turned to decay.
Plain bullshit because attractiveness is subjective.
Kinda stupid because a lot of people are married whit unattractive person whit good personality in real life. I am a kinda of an crappy personality and I am single. I meet some "cool guys" that looked nice at beginning but later treated me like crap. So they where not single because of their appearance.
It's true. I'm unattractive and no one loves me. The real question is, am I unattractive because people don't love me, or do people not love me because I'm unattractive?
I'm sure that someone has said that before.
Theres some truth to it. Its MUCH harder to find love if you're objectively unattractive. By objectively i mean most people find you that way. it takes a lot of luck to find someone who isnt unattracted, and plus you need a connection etc..
If this is true then one has to ask, "What is love based on looks worth anyway?" If being physically attractive is the first qualification, romantic love is mostly bullshit
really depends, in school for example, if you’re not considered attractive you’re made fun of etc and are mostly alone. im lucky to be considered « attractive »because i see how they are treated and that’s really sad tbh
That’s still subjective to each person. And let’s be real, school bullies don’t need an actual reason to bully someone. They’ll find one.
When have you ever been bullied/made fun of for your music taste?
I listen to Flogging Molly and my daughter calls it Irish Hillbilly music. I clearly failed as a parent
I haven’t.
always
Anytime i play anything from the 80s.
Any time I come on here and say that I don't like K-pop, Adele, or most modern music.
I've been teased by some friends for liking Taylor Swift
I was in school because I listened to J-pop and J-rock, so kids would go around saying random Japanese/made up words to me to make fun of the music I listened to
i dont have any so never
What's a childhood memory you vividly recall but can't find any evidence of its existence?
Ok, so I wear glasses, right? Have done since I was 4 or 5. I have a VIVID memory that for a while, I wore a patch. My parents insist that this was never a thing, and I’ve never found anything pictures to prove it… but I still remember it so well; it smelt sort of like a bandaid, I remember how it felt, I remember that it was a pink Minnie Mouse one… idk.
What do you think are the best and worst cities in the US to spend the summer? Why?
Jersey
New York: you can do anything and everything you want that is city-centric. Also moderate weather in the summer compared to places in the Sun Belt. Worst: Anywhere in the South. It's hot, it's muggy, it's disgusting. If you really want the Sun Belt go to LA.
Waikiki is dope….When ibwas kid Seattle and San Francisco used to be dope as fuck too….they need some self help now
Best: Anywhere but Phoenix. Worst: Phoenix. It's a dry heat, right?
🤣🤣
Western NC/Eastern Tennessee is amazing in the summer. It’s high enough in altitude that it’s cooler than the lowlands and has a has an average high in July of like 85. Also it’s just beautiful, so lush and green, lakes and rivers everywhere. Probably the best area for white water kayaking in the country. I’ve lived in Denver the past few years, and now in SLC and I miss North Carolina summers so much. They suck here comparatively
yeah that sounds pretty miserable
What's the funniest change you can make to the human body?
Penis on the forehead.
I would put taste buds in the sole of someones feets and skin and taste buds in the knee caps and the hands/palms and then look for the words dirtiest bathroom and dump them in there naked. ;)
Anus placing the mouth
This is cruel lmaoo
What are the most common names of a person, you hate listening?
I don’t understand
What are the right answers for some very wrong questions, why?
Silence because you're neither wrong nor right.
pretty good check move on the chess board.
What's your weirdest habit?
What is your all time favorite viral video?
“I’m not a cat.”
Shoes
monkey on the car,,,,fuck off
Oppa Gangnam Style:
Hydrogen bomb vs coughing baby
Gary Brolsma Numa Numa
Definitely "Baby Yoda Sipping Soup" from The Mandalorian! That little green guy stole our hearts faster than you can say "The Force."
Link!
Link?
Links, so we can watch!
\- enjoy!
Added
Never saw it…and it’s 17 years old!
[Serious] DYIers of reddit what are some cheaper alternatives to wood you like to use when building projects?
Attention!  in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules. Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the  if you have any questions or concerns.
I want to build something like a hamster wheel but big enough for my son to use and where i am wood is relatively expensive right now
What are the red and green flags anyone dating or getting married to an immigrant to check/look for if the person is actually in love with you/wants to be with you for the right reasons and not using you for papers/immigration reasons?
I prefer my orange flags hyuck hyuck hyuck
Green flag: Plans dates, not just visa appointments. Red flag: Googles K-1 more than DIY dates.
Just make sure she is actually a woman like she claims to be. My brother has gotten scammed by this shit over 6 times, because he never makes sure to check and verify before having sex with them. He always ends up calling me and crying the next morning swearing "I thought that he was a she!" etc and I always have to comfort him for hours afterwards. Just watch out. Be careful. And always remember, 99% of women don't have penis shafts. Don't let them convince you otherwise.
Don't date any immigrant from a country much poorer than yours. For example, if you're a US citizen, UK and Germany are fine because even though these countries are poorer, they are not \much\ poorer. Same goes for Canada. But if you're a 1st worlder, it's not worth the risk to date a 2nd or 3rd worlder.
What an interesting way of saying "stay away from those crappy black African countries."
The highest HDI country in the world is majority Black: Bermuda. Cayman Islands is a similar average standard of living as Switzerland. Wealth and material standard of living have nothing to do with skin color.
While I don’t totally agree with his standard, his standard could be used on poor white Ukrainians or Slav in East Europe, poor White/hispanics in Brazil/S America or poor Asians from Southeast Asia. What is going on in YOUR HEAD that made you go straight to black people? You have some demons you need to work out and stop projecting into others ..
I like how both of the example countries you just gave weren't in Africa. Your original comment is still pretty much saying "if you're from a relatively rich country, stay away from like 95% of Africa - most of the countries there are a shit fest"
Ugly people, when did you find out you were indeed ugly?
Using Reddit is the first sign.
Looked in a mirror and just accepted the facts.
A bunch of Greek heroes turned to stone whenever I looked at them. Seemed a bit of an overreaction, but, hey, who am I to judge?
It's not exactly a secret. It's literally all over my face
When your mom turned me down. Guess she didn't need the $20.
Wait I’m ugly?!
I feel like I always knew
When I was little even the adults would kind of be startled by my appearance. It was mostly because I had a lazy eye until high school. There’s just something about the kids making fun of you and the adults physically recoiling, even when they didn’t mean to. It didn’t happen too often, but enough that I stopped looking people in the eyes for a long time.
When told me that she only hooked up with me because someone paid her to
When the doctor slapped my face when I was being delivered.
I honestly have no idea how anyone can tell if they themselves are attractive/unattractive. We all see ourselves differently than how others perceive us. I don't know if it's a psychological disorder I have or what, but when I look in the mirror I honestly have no clue whether or not I would be considered attractive to other people. I don't even know how I would rate myself. I remember feeling the same way my entire life. In my 20's, I was especially hard on myself, and had self esteem issues, and thought I was unattractive when looking in the mirror. When I look at photos of myself from that time period, I cant help but notice how put together, stylish, and pretty I looked. I have no idea why I was ever so hard on myself. I am much more kind to myself now, but I still cannot tell for the life of me when looking in the mirror if I look good or not lol.
When i was rejected in a lineup. Asked to show up for a day job to distribute flyers at a big junction. I put my best face forward but wasnt picked
I have a mirror and working eyes. It isn't exactly a secret
Continously rejection when I've approached woman in person, now solely rely on apps as if we matched I know there is some interest there
I've been told by my family and now by my coworkers that I should make up more and iron my hair -I'm kinda curly- . The problem is that I see myself and can't find me ugly but the contrary. People are always telling me I'm not enough.
Usually when toddlers tell you so
When I realized that I’m completely invisible. I don’t even exist in the eyes of other people. That’s one of the reasons why I started going to the gym.
Around 5 or 6 years old.
I made the terrible decision to go shopping for a mirror.
When starting 10th grade we were all moved to a new school and i luckily ended up in a class woth most of my friends. There was a big group of boys in our new class who none of us knew. My thoughts were confirmed when the guys made friends with my friends no problem, but started hating and bullying me out of nowhere. Was never told i was ugly by them, but i honestly have no other explanation.
That was a little bit after I found out I'm not really smart either.
wasn’t Medusa beautiful tho?
I want to headkick your mother.
That is such a hurtful thing to say to anyone, especially your child. I'm sorry this happened to you.
I feel like I always knew…and then I found a bunch of old photos from my 20’s the other day. Never was a beauty but not as unattractive as I remember.
Before her transmogrification, yes. The actual story is actually quite sad.
Half of the shit in greek mythology could have been avoided if Zeus an poseídon had been able to keep their dicks on their togas
Pretty much /shrug
What are the things you see in others in order to be your friend?
Money
I look for people who are kind, compassionate, and respectful.
How they treat other people.
Kindness
Brutal honesty. I know I can trust you to tell me the truth.
Respectful, honest (even when it hurts), at least 2 or 3 common interests and if at all possible an interest I have that they want to learn more about, compassionate, kind, good common reasoning, and Simone with a not so busy schedule
You just met Captain America jogging, what did you recommend to him?
lose the shirt pretty boy
That he should be aware that I'm passing him on his left.
Asked him how long he could continue what he was doing.
I’d tell him to watch this great movie called “two girls one cup”
that i pass him on the left, since my man is \180 rn.
I wonder how many comments will realize you meant an alternate suggestion to the “Troubleman soundtrack” thing and not the “on your left” thing. I’d ask him to watch some GSP fights.
I'd tell him to check out /b/
It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Try jogging in Europe, less gunfire, more scenic routes.
Pink Floyd 's :  The Wall  Dark Side of the Moon  Wish You Were Here Led's Zeppelin :  Mothership
There will be no better comments.
Whats your craziest travel story?
Welcome to Chicago.
i left my luggage at home for an international flight
I got to blow up land mines with rocks (shown to me by locals) it was terrifying yet amazing
I was roadtripping to Colorado with some friends during my spring break as a college freshman and on the way back from Colorado we got stuck in the middle of one of the largest storms that we were supposed to miss. It ended up being so bad that we had to pull to the side of the road for a few hours just to make sure we didn’t crash the car. There was a tornado warning and we were all absolutely terrified. It ended up passing us after about two and a half hours, but holy shit it was bad. It was the heaviest rain I’d ever been in and the wind was so strong the car was moving around a lot when we were fully stopped. 0/10 absolutely terrifying experience. Also when we resumed driving back we saw a tree that had fallen in the road and had to get out and move it.
1. when i was in 5th grade on a class trip i had a food poisoning so I puked all night and was scared of eating for 2 like a week (i did eat, since i knew i had to) 2. when i was in 11th grade on a class trip to italy, we got on the wrong train (17 people in my class, teachers included), not because we were at the wrong place to the wrong time, but rather because we were at the race place at the wrong time, the train before was late. So we were on the train and were like "well fuck, this train won't bring us home", a few other people too were very upset (we even got one to say "shit" in our language, german), since they had the same fate as we had. So we ended up at the final station, no train coming for today, it was like 10 pm and we had no way of coming home. it was no problem for me, as i am male and don't feel as endangered as the other people (16 women) did. I just wanted to sleep. Finally about an hour later the people from the train company were like "oh you wanna go home, well we could drive you to the other last train, that is gonna drive you home, it's just gonna cost you 10€". All of us were very happy, the other tourists included. First car, 4 tourists, second car, 2 class mates + 1 teacher, 3rd car, 1 tourist, 2 class mates, etc. second last car (I was coming back from a publick restroom) my class mates shouted "Collin come fast, come come", so i ran and got into the fucking only car without anyone who spoke english. "tell your teacher when train comes, tell your teacher when train comes"- you know what that means? neither did I. As I later found out it was something like "Ask your teacher when our train drives off". We arrived at the station, I didn't have to pay and we got home. 10/10 would do again.
I got jailed by accident on my transfer flight. It was around 9 years ago, I was moving to the Netherlands from Turkey for an internship. I missed my flight and had to take the next one in couple of hours which had a transfer in Slovenia. So it was around 4-5 am I landed, it was a tiny airport with less than 40 people at passport check. The police immediately separated me from the group and I waited until everyone is gone. Then they asked me why I’ve been in Greece two years ago after my tourist visa expired. I explained that I was an exchange student there so after I arrived I got a different type of visa/short term residence permit. They told me to show it but it was a a4 paper which I didn’t carry with me. I tried to explain that if I did sth illegal years ago, I couldn’t get another -one year long- visa from EU anyway, but it was around the time the migration from Syria started and mostly over Turkey-Greece so they didn’t want to listen. I asked them to contact Greek embassy then they could approve, I even knew the ambassador in my city, but they said I don’t have no rights for communication. So they got my phone my shoes, even laces and belts and put me in prison to send me back later. After a day, they apologized, figured out the issue and let me go. Police said they will pay for my flight to the Netherlands but the next one was 3 days later so I had to wait. No phone line, no internet, no idea where the f I am I was released from airport, walked hours until I reach to centre of Ljubljana, randomly spent 3 days in the cheapest hostel, and finally started my internship one week later than I should have. My poor mom was almost having a heart attack when she heard the story, she even didn’t know where is Ljubljana on maps… One good thing though, they had pretty good food service at the cell. ✌🏼😄
Which country?
If dinosaurs came back, which one would you wanna adopt the most?
I'd adopt a baby Triceratops! Who wouldn't want a mini dinosaur with built-in headgear for protection? Plus, they'd be perfect for impromptu games of "dino dress-up"!
You realize every dinosaur over 100lb would view you as food right? So I guess a water bound one atleast I know if I stay on land away from the water it can’t eat me.
Crocodile
Littlefoot, of course.
Nanuqsaurus. A trex built for winter travel!
Idk some one little
A vegetarian.
Yesss I love triceratops!
My answer is Littlefoot's mom.
I also choose Littlefoot's dead mom.
How do you deal with overthinking issues?
listening to music
I think about it
enjoy the visual details of surroundings
I like to do activities that help me relax and clear my mind, such as going for a walk or listening to music.
Methylphenidate and meditation
I come on here and do a little brain dump, listen to music or I use my art to help me process whatever issue I keep overthinking about.
Listen to music and remove myself from the situation for at least an hour before returning with a clear head. Maybe a small drink of alcohol if it’s very confusing
Just stop thinking
whats the thing that makes u horny af?
naked women
Getting dressed up as a girl and being dominated , tied up and used. But like .. a hot girl
I mean it aint that kinky but…ahh nevermind you dont want to hear
My hubby!
Yoga pants look amazing on a woman
Getting chocked by male hands
Small boobs and armpits
Being called a good boy
Blood
BDSM in general
Men jerking off and moaning, and wet dreams
Men sighing/grunting, talking me through it.. 🤤
Latex
loll would u like to see some ?
cmonn let me hear it
No idea why but I totally get it. Hot woman topless w her arms up, yes please.
someone is naughty naugthy loll
Monkey neuron activation
You go first.
THE BESTTTT ughhh
Something tells me you’ve never pleased a woman, or man, or whatever you like.
Both actually. Why you have to be mad? is only a joke.
If you could play any Heads Up topic, which category would you be best at?
What’s the most underused and underrated vegetable in the United States?
I’ll say parsnips - so good roasted with a little salt and pepper. They caramelize and have a sweet slightly bitter taste kinda like carrots.
Perhaps artichoke
Broccoli rabe. Goes well with italian sausage, ground pork and thai noodles, anything really. I think mustard greens is like that too.
I'd go with green cabbage. It's cheap, reliably available, has a good drawer life, and roasts and sautés well.
I hear in the US pizza is classified as a vegetable, so I’m going to say… all of them.
Hominy!
Steven Hawking
Apple
Biden's mind.
They are so damn hard to prepare!
For some reason we only eat it at St. Patrick's Day and boiled.
That’s a fruit, not a vegetable.
Trumps ass
Just steam for 45 to 55 minutes.
I grill them with butter and seasoning. Make sure to clean them properly!
I’m not sure why you wrote those two words there like that. Can you explain?
My answer was NOT pizza. It is not me who believes pizza to be a vegetable, but America. My point is that any country which considers pizza a vegetable, obviously doesn’t appreciate vegetables. The only reason I can think of a country doing that is because they deem it the most likely way its people will consume vegetables. In other words, it’s obvious America underuses and underrated ALL vegetables. THAT was my answer.
What’s the worst thing you could use instead of toilet paper?
sandpaper
Leaves of three
Sandpaper
A thermonuclear bomb, in most situations thermonuclear bombs are the worst option for doing anything. More seriously, that one Australian plant that is nicknamed like the suicide ivy or something like that.
Poison ivy
Sandpaper
A baby
a cactus.
Your own or someone elses hand
The US Constitution
Curtains
Whatever sandpaper they call toilet paper in the office
Fly paper
Pinecone
Someone's tongue
Razor wire
Gimpy gimpy leaves Aka the suicide plant, it itself is not lethal, but it’s stings are so painful they make people kill themselves
Brittle sea weed
Bundled up Concertina wire
Lucky for me I am the first guy from the human centipede!
Your hand
Corn Cob, Pine Cone, Stinging Nettles....
Rich people who have no qualifications: how did you do it?
The secret ingredient is crime
Rich is debatable, but I personally believe failure, constant learning and discipline are the only things that count. Constant failure will help you become an expert in that field, better than any school qualification. I’m disciplined to continue learning and testing new things because I’m afraid that I might go broke one day, and this became a lifestyle.
"With a small loan of a million dollars from daddy" Edit: Apparently people don't understand I'm being satirical without using /s
What is your field of expertise if you don't mind me asking?
A lot of people will think it's easy if you have a rich dad, but I've seen people just burn through that kind of money. How are you doing so far?
As a whole, digital marketing & websites. More specifically Facebook/Meta and Google ads, web development and UX/UI design.
How do you keep yourself motivated?
I don’t
I remind myself how short life is
Don't think, just do. If you think on it then you're not going to want to do it. If you just start doing it then you'll realize how easy it actually is.
I stay motivated by setting goals for myself and breaking them down into smaller achievable tasks.
Setting goals and not thinking about my possible closing in demise. Happiest I’ve been in years
Lots of sleep
That's true though. Life is very short indeed.
Well it's not easy as it sounds idk why
Thats not bad at all.
That overthinking part is the hardest.
Redditors who don’t like Trump for reasons other than policy, what could he do to change your mind?
Literally become an entirely different person while also erasing the vast majority of his past.
Nothing unless he's got a way of unliving the past 70 years of his life. What's done is done and what he's said can't be unsaid.
I'd like him a lot more if he would just stop talking. Dude is dumber than a bag of hammers.
Die.
He could show some humility, own some of the things he’s said and done, repent and lead a life for good.
Quit his job
I don't think it's possible for him to redeem himself!
In all fairness no politician I have ever seen in my years has had honest policy to begin with.
\Broadly gestures at all of him\
Go to jail and learn his lesson
Nothing. He is 70+ years old. He is who he is. A life long grifter, criminal, insurrectionist and rapist.
Not want to be the next Hitler
Admit his mistakes. Take accountability for his mistakes. Stop making mistakes. Same way anyone else I have a negative opinion of can change my opinion of them.
Actually tell the truth about something for once. Quit calling people names who don’t kiss his ass. Get rid of the narcissistic behavior. How much time do we have?
Adhere to democratic process. Stop playing the victim card. Stop using words like “we” and “us” and talk to policy using more level language. Openly support Americas allies instead of undermining them all. Draw back from his admiration of dictators. Cease implying he wishes to become a dictator ( refer to first point). That would be a good start.
Give me a smal loan of a billion dollars
Do something with his hair.
Tbh, I could care less about his personal life and lawsuits etc. I am a trump fan and I will admit that he has done some things he shouldn't have. However,imo it doesn't matter what the president did or Didint do in their life, it's a matter of what they will do to help and better our country. If trump wasint going to fix our border crisis, lower the cost of living, and drop the damn gas prices i probably would not like him.
Perform Satanic rituals in public.
Suck my cock for 48 hours straight and then remove his vocal chords. And his sons.
Nothing trump is the greatest.
Pretty good summation
Lol my thoughts exactly… his policy stances are probably the only thing about Trump he actually could change that would make me like him better. And even then it wouldn’t really make a huge difference, I wouldn’t vote for a Democrat that acted like him either.
Does he have a job?
That would be so epic
Actually take all their fucking vocal cords. The entire Trump family world. Including Bullwinkle, and the Blue Man group, and Andrew Jackson, and kid rock
Is there anything he could do (realistically) that would make you stop liking him?
Grifting, although job is a generous word
I didn't say he was the next Hitler, just that he pathetically wants to be
It's pretty well known that trump idolizes dictatorships and wishes he could be a dictator. The closer to a dictator someone is, the more trump admires their 'success' and 'genius.'
I like your optimism. Don’t ever lose it, bruh.
He isn't close but in Trump's mind he likes to think he's the next world power dictator. That's what makes it all so pathetic. He thinks he's bigger shit than he actually is
Sure didn't seem to like Mexico for a while there. And he has already threatened, multiple times, to cause bloodshed if he doesn't get his way.
One point, he did say that he would tell Russia to have its way with a NATO ally.  Stuff like that is not something you even joke about on the world stage.
He was talking about sending missiles into Mexico to deal with the cartels. Yea, great thinker there.
Troll. Move on with your life. If you ignore them, they eventually go away.
Tbh I don't follow everything he does but yeah, he has some definite out there thinking.
You sure seem awfully defensive of the man. Hitler didn't start out killing the Jews. Not immediately. He dehumanized them, then moved them and took away their rights, then started killing. Trump doesn't need to have a straightforward "kill X group" agenda to be a wannabe-Hitler. All he needs is to sow enough discontent to get into power.
Oh I know. I'm not in the mood for circular conversations today
Start a war by attacking a sovereign nation… now I know you are trolling. Every action has consequences.
"I'm not a troll" -The guy unironically using "normie" in a conversation
Then I misjudged you. But think about the things he says. People are trying to point out how dangerous he is because he was a loyal base that will believe anything he says. He makes jokes that are not really jokes. He really does say things that are from the Hitler playbook. Tell people the press is our enemy. Dehumanizing people with derogatory nicknames. Calling on people that are not “loyal” to be executed. He’s scaring a lot of people because his intentions are clear. The only thing he cares about is Trump. And he wants to be another Putin, Kim, Xi, etc. He praises them and maligns our allies. This is serious.
Normal for people trying to bait a reaction. Imagine being so deprived of meaningful insults you have to insult their normalness "youRe so AvEraGe, aND thAts a ProBlem"
There is no good choice right now, an I fear it will be quite a wait for normality to return.
At least you can admit it.
What would need to change for you to willingly give up your car?
I’d have to get a car first
If the engine or transmission blew up, I'd get a new car. Otherwise I'm driving my beloved 22 year old rig until it dies. Or if someone offers me $100k or more for it.
A different car with some lower monthly payment.
A brand new 99 Toyota Camry
Another, better car, for free
Not giving up my car
How far can Reddit count?
over 5million
3
One
2
∞
4
69,420
π
C
1453
probably to potato but i'm an optimist
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 idk
This is a very interesting question. I'm not sure how far Reddit can count, but I'm curious to find out. Maybe we could start a thread where people try to count as high as they can?
5
6
7
9
10
24
11
Better question: How many Reddit Cunts?
u
8
n
U comment on post, dont reply to my comment
If your partners friend disrespected you, what do you expect of the partner?
To call them out on that disrespect.
1. To not side the with the cunt who disrespected me. And that’s all. I can handle the rest of the situation myself.
Publicly side with me
Nothing. She knows I'd handle it myself
Rethink the friendship
Would you continue hanging out with them because they are your friend?
Nope. I've actually had something like this happen before. Long story short, I'm a light skinned, mainland born Puerto Rican and my wife has a coworker who is also Puerto Rican. Except, she has a darker complexion and speaks fluent Spanish and I don't. When my wife introduced us, one of her first comments was, "You aren't Puerto Rican. You're a plantain stain." She then went on to call me a liar and I was only telling people I was Puerto Rican to look cool... Until I pulled up my Facebook and watched the arrogance melt off of her face when she realized a majority of my family still lives on the island. Needless to say, my wife was pissed and kicked her coworker out of our house.
What have been some pretty awesome series' you've binged lately, why?
Masters of the Air. Gave me a glimpse of what a relative went through in the war. B-17 pilot KIA on his 5th mission.
Warrior on Netflix based on Bruce Lee’s short stories. Imagine Bruce Lee in the wild Wild West kicking racist butt and fighting opposing gangs. It…is…awesome…
1st season of The Magicians
I binged the Galaxy Railways anime series. I forgot how sad it was. It’s more sad knowing the creator passed last year RIP Leiji Matsumoto
is it complete yet? or still going?
oh, is that what its about? TIL. never knew the connection all this time. probably been sleeping on that one too long. wasnt it on showtime or something before?
Wednesday would be the other one I guess
what else?
Yeap, it ended a week or so ago. 9 parts. There is the "usual" Hollywood changes of combining experiences of multiple people into one for the storyline, but it was amazing. My wife is even enjoying it, and she isn't a wwii series fan.
That or max but I don’t subscribe to either so that’s why I picked it up on Netflix. From the first 3 minutes I was hooked.
do you mean, it takes different POVs throughout the episodes? and backstories?
Im sold. thx.
It follows 4-5 main characters either for the durationoof the show, or until the character dies. The characters they introduce, including some of the kids/minor characters are based on the real person's experiences. It's made by Tom Hanks/Steven Spielberg. Aka Band of Brothers and The Pacific.
How would the 2000s have been different if Bin Laden was captured in 2001 Tora Bora?
We would of still been in a democracy building situation as we deposed the government…so i imagine that combined with dealing with rougue factions trying to get their Jihad on like the Harquani Network and such….Its a Sunni Islam country bro
How do you deal with unwanted thoughts(that are not important at all) keep popping up on your mind?
Meditation can help a lot with that for some people. You learn that you don't really control your thoughts and, more importantly, that they don't define you.
try the "thought-stopper" technique. I literally shout "STOP!" in my head or out loud to interrupt the cycle. It's surprisingly effective and adds a touch of drama to my day!
Thanks! I’ll try it
Specifically, I'd recommend the intro course from the Waking Up app. It approaches in a way that specifically addresses unwanted thoughts and keeps the religious aspect out of it.
What is worth more with a smaller/shrinking population?
Where is there a shrinking population?
Babies
Work
Shrinks….
Labor
Real estate! With fewer people around, you've got more space to stretch out and enjoy life without feeling like a sardine in a can.
Japan, Korea, Russia
Real estate becomes cheaper as there are fewer buyers. See villages in Italy and Japan for sale for $1.
Well for all three of those countries I’d say the answer is immigration.
Japan is generally closed to immigration except for Brazilians with Japanese ancestry. South Korea is a bit more open but you need to be working there on a valid visa. As for Russia... Well, they are taking immigrants now by promising citizenship to people joining the military at this time, but they also seem to be losing military-aged males in large numbers over the past two years...
I know… and that’s my point. If any of those countries are worried about their shrinking populations, all they need to do is be more receptive (or in Russia’s case more attractive) to immigration. It would also help Russia if they stopped literally throwing tens or hundreds of thousands of their population at bullets and bombs.
At the same time, they have fairly conservative governments appealing to nationalism, of which immigration would dilute their way of life, from their conservative base perspective. They would rather keep pushing the patriotic spiel to women to serve their country as baby-making machines than consider actual measures like maternity leave, childcare accessibility, and healthcare/education programs that would improve the choices of women to have both careers and families.
Again, I know. That doesn’t change the facts.
Who is the most powerful person who most people would have no idea about?
My uncle. That guy has the single largest collection of feet pics I have ever seen. We're talking legit terabytes of those bad boys - all races, all genders, all nationalities - just full on mountains of legit ass feet pics. Just think of the crazy things he could do with that kind of power, if he just decided to like snap and turn evil one day. Scary af
Some finance minister in China that decided if China will loan the US more money
What's your biggest fear?
My wife dying
women. just in general. the reason why i don't even try to get a girlfriend? The fear of her just saying "he rаped me". the fear of her just randomly firering pepper spray into my eyes, the fear of her hitting me and then saying it wouldn't be true (most of the people would believe her, since men are the stronger ones, so they can defend themselfs), the fear of her knowing i am emotional sometimes and leaving me, her leaving me, etc etc.
STEAMED TO DEATH???
Losing someone.
Cancer. We all have to go sometime, I just don’t want it to be long and painful
Snakes
Double Big Macs.
Failure.
Rosie O’Donnell naked.
A long and painful disease
Wow. There is some self reflection to be had here
what ailment does one have if they get rash ONLY at night or in the middle of the night everyday?
Have you checked your bed clothes for a rouge dryer sheet?
If you could spend one week in another century, which one would you choose and what would be your profession?
That late 17th century and I'd be a pirate.
Early 1600s, 1604 specifically and I would want my profession to be a scientist or something similar. My reason is that 1604 was the last time there was a Supernova visible to the naked eye and that’s something I want to see
1970s and I’d be a truck driver. Jamming gears and a cool coloured truck with Steve miller in the background would be bliss for a week
If we new the world was going to end what songs would you want to be on the Top 5 of all time?
Stairway to heaven - led zeppelin Iron man - black sabbath Master of puppets - Metallica Raining blood - slayer Back in black - AC/DC
Stairway to Heaven - Led Zeppelin  The Great Gig in the Sky - Pink Floyd  Bohemian Rhapsody - Queen  Close to the Edge - Yes  Highway Star - Deep Purple
What is the best book you could never read again?
Where’s Waldo. I already know where he is.
The book thief wrecked me emotionally
The Tibetan book of the dead. One of the most difficult reads of my life but so good!
Goodnight Punpun
The Autobiography of Malcolm X: As Told to Alex Haley it’s a really tough book to read but is so worth the time to read cover to cover. i read it once but no way could I read it again.
Nanjing Massacre, The Rape of Nanking by Iris Chang.
Marley and Me
I think it was called “CLIMB” but I can’t remember the author. It was about the Mt Everest expedition back in the 90s. 95,96,97 I’m not sure but it was such a good read.
This!! Nice one!
What is the sure way of living your life positively?
Without negativity
People with mental illnesses, how do you go through everyday life? Is the world getting better when it comes to the understanding of your condition, or is it getting worse?
With depression I find basic things are important like diet, exercise, hygiene, day light, daily routine, sleep and some sort of social life. And trying to meet educational and/or employment needs as much as you can without being too harsh on yourself. Having people to turn to matters as well. Even if on occasion that’s a hotline, which I have done
I don't think anyone genuinely actually cares. I feel like the silent judgement still exists when someone says they are struggling mentally.
Prescription drugs.
Pretty easily. The skills that were necessary for me to learn to live independently and adequately despite my issues have served me a lot better than the useless skills some people my age seem to fixate on. As for getting better or worse it varies a lot by culture I've noticed. For example standards of care here seem to prioritize pure avoidance, where I was taught about conditioning and exposure in safe, controlled context. So while I was taught to drive because it was beneficial for my independence, social growth, and ability to function normally, the standard line here in Canada is that it's extremely stressful (which it can be) and therefore should be avoided. It's interesting to see the differing outcomes, while a lot more severely disabled people are facilitated here, it also significantly stifles people who are high functioning or who would otherwise thrive if taught basic coping skills. I think another aspect I see is the conditioned helplessness of people here compared to back in Ireland. The vibe here is "you have mental health issues you aren't able to do X" and that gets internalised, compared to "you have issues sinX will be harder, but we're here to support you". Definitely feels a lot more condescending here, if more well intentioned
People are understanding until they actually have to deal with you regularly. Shits hard to deal with, and people always think they're more patient than they are.
I’d argue it’s always on a decline however I get these really weird breaks. Like the calm before the storm sorta. However I might be doing better because my doctor says my lungs will be giving out sometime in this decade and I can apply or MAID (medical assistance in dying) so I’ve been kinda happy as of late
Do you want to talk about it?
Wow, this sounds really ruff. In case you apply for MAID, I respect your decision. What condition are you suffering from?
Possible Pulmonary Fibrosis. I was poisoned by a solid chemical and they believe my lugs will begin to scar in the next coming years. The only reason I don’t have a definitive answer is because I’m only 20 and my lugs aren’t fully developed. So they could pull through with no issues. But it’s likely it’s Peremante damage
I personally hope there's a chance that you win this fight, and that medically assisted death is not the final solution. You can update me on this any time you want. I have faith in you.
Thanks I’d be happy to update you if you feel. I’m guaranteed 10-15 years of comfortable living. As long as I do lung exercises and stay active I can stretch it to 20-25 years. I will require a lung transplant by that point. Which is for one expensive, like 80 grand expensive and they don’t work for very long and even the common cold could kill me at that point. Which is why I’ve look into MAID as it also happens to be a cheaper option if my insurance won’t pay for the majority of the lung surgery. And this is all assuming their is an issue. Just have to keep tabs on lung x-rays to monitor everything. The chemical of you wondering is called “xanthate” it’s safety data sheet can be found online if you compelled to look at it
What’s the last thing that made you happy?
The shower...this morning... with my wife
Bowl full of noodle soup
Getting up this morning and realizing I have nothing to do today and no where to go today!
Woke up early to make breakfast while listening to music. Made a kick-ass frittata, bacon and pancakes. Kids and wife enjoyed it all, and had a nice lazy morning with a fire going. Great Sunday morning. 😃
Properly happy, giving birth to my daughter 5 weeks ago
Making sawdust in the garage.
waking up next to the man i love this morning and watching our cat run around.
Fostering a pup while her Dad is deployed in the Middle East.
I know that’s right
Aww congrats mama!
Thank you 😊
What's the point of Archeology?
As an archaeologist, this hurts my soul. The point is to learn about our history, our ancestors, the way things were in order to better understand ourselves as humans.
My 23 year old nephew went to school to be an archelogisr goes on digs for dinosaur bones. I guess it is pretty neat but his life is always in ruins. I’ll see myself out…🤣
To map the precise arrival date of the aliens....
It's like time travel, in digging form!
The goal of archaeology is to understand how and why human behavior has changed over time. Archaeologists search for patterns in the evolution of significant cultural events such as the development of farming, the emergence of cities, or the collapse of major civilizations for clues of why these events occurred.
Knowledge is it's own reward.
To find neat shit from old-timey times
Bones
uncover the past
To uncover the secrets of the Void Century and to locate the One Piece Kidding aside, aside from cultural preservation, it helps us to have better understanding about human (or animal) history, analyze their behavior and characteristics, and relate it to the present.
To see how old the dingleberries are on OP.
Sorry - didn't mean to question your career choice and I certainly do not want to be disrepectful, but what's the use in "better understanding ourselves of humans"? Is it just "oh, that's interesting", or does discovering a bronze age village and learning about how they lived, their culture, tools, technology, diet, etc, drive humanity forward in any way?
Good answer - but to what end?
Why?
Of course it does. By your logic, why bother doing anything? But judging by your replies to others, you don’t seem to want to accept answers, lol. And it’s too early in the morning for me to be dragged into a Reddit argument. Hope you find your answer, though. ;-)
Roman cement, medical advances, territorial dispute resolution etc
prevent us from meeting the same fate, also just curiosity
Learn about our history. This will be a cycle.
Scientific research drives humanity forwards (and backwards in some cases), so that's why we do that as an example. I certainly do not have a closed mind and I'm really interested in finding an answer, but apart from u/crilen's answer, nobody has come anywhere close to a reason that actually helps humanity. Sorry about giving you an early morning headache!
Really? We never make the same mistake twice?
Have you ever heard of the 5 whys principle? If one asks why enough times, the actual answer should be reached. What we're seeing in these answers is some of the results of archeology, but not the actual point....
hey i never said we were good at it, but in theory that’s what it’s for
We openly recognize that much of human development is lost to time. Humanity knows precious little about itself prior to the Mesopotamian culture, and of course big chunks of the who what when why and how of Humanity since the dawn of recorded history is also unknown. Seeking to find the answer to who we really are, why we are here, and what is our ultimate purpose are the ultimate goal of all of this.
Sorry, I'm being very argumentative here, but - why? How does it impact our current lives if we find out who we really are? Aren't we just apes that can type?
Yes you are. Most of us want to know. I believe that we are more than just animals.
I'm being very careful not to be disrepectful in my comments here. Maybe you should think the same....
Ok will do.
What are the qualities you want in your girlfriend or wife ?
For them to not know the other exists.
Hm.. like.. just.. Rhea Ripley? Basically?
Kindness, compassion, and ambition are my top 3. Also, a sense of humor.
honesty and integrity
The ones she already has
Short. Cute in a pixie next door sort of way. I like turn-up/ button noses. Intelligent, conversational, good communicator, easy-going. Motivated/ ambitious. Totally comfortable with her sexuality, and DTF.
She’s simple/peaceful. I don’t want a “boss” woman with a hectic schedule and drinks wine every night. Rather have a sweet woman who’s a simple cashier.
Seven feet tall, dreadlocks, shoulder-mounted laser, invisibility… You know, girly girl stuff.
Vital signs.
Easy to live with, no drama
Courage.integrity.prosperity.unity
Vagina boob
Breedable and submissive
Being a male
Don’t worry folks he’s not a player he just crushes a lot
What is that one thing you dislike about yourself?
me. :D
I hate that I’ve lived in shame about myself most of my life and it’s still permeating through my life today
I have loose, delicate skin and it bothers me.
I can’t narrow it down to just one
I'm an Over thinker.
My eyebrows....they could be less...."bushy"
I don't have access to Left 4 Dead 3.
The way I overtalk.
I always get red for literally no reason at all.
How good looking I am.
My legs are too short and my upper body is too long.
My sick mind
How I give off “dad vibes” according to everyone
The fact that I dislike myself.
I’m obese. I weigh over 330 pounds.
My existence
What is the biggest lie you have ever heard or told?
"I'm fine."
That the government exists for the people
"There's afterlife."
Aside from Santa Claus, the Tooth fairy, and the Eater Bunny.... "You can be anything you want to be if you set your mind to it." The truth is everyone fails at something. That's just life!
I was going to make a vague reference to a recent election, but you already win with this already. Government exists to keep their rich donors happy. Take my damn upvote already!
What was your age, when you started differentiating a boy and a girl ?
Ever since I could speak probably
42
In Tiny Tots - pre-nursery school - pre - pre - kindergarten when they first started separating the boys from the girls - about age 3
I was 4
3-4
If you could have any fictional technology from a movie or TV show, what would it be and how would you use it?
Tony Stark’s office could be pretty sick. I wouldn’t use it to save the world but it could make video games hella sick!
I'd want a time-turner from Harry Potter! Imagine all the extra naps I could take and still get everything done. Plus, I'd totally ace those last-minute study sessions.
The Tardis. Go back and stop covid.
the "Holodeck" from the "Star Trek"
A lightsaber. I would use it to cut those plastic packages that hold scissors.
Star Trek replicator and the appropriate power source. I would create things.
That’s… not how time travel works in doctor who…
Like food so no one would starve
How often do you think about death? And how often do you think about what you wanna do in the future? And what ratio of these two is considered a warning sign?
I think about what is beyond this world a lot. I think about my future here on Earth, admittedly less in specifics
Probably like 3 times a week I think about death. But that's because my little brother died. I think about what I wanna do in the future almost every day. For now it's get fit enough to be able to hold a job without my body destroying itself. But that's hard when you only partially recovered from being paralyzed from the neck down and need a brace just to walk without my feet bending In. What you mean by warning sign?
I think as humans we subconsciously do think about the RISK of death everyday. Maybe not death itself.
I’m in my 60s. I have an up to date will, a living will, powers of attorney & have made myself clear to my partner & family what I want should I be incapacitated. I consider my & my partner’s health when it comes to travel planning. It’s certainly a consideration in future planning.
Death a few minutes every day usually Not really out of fear though , just what’s next
Thank you for answering! If I may ask, what do you think is beyond this world?
I'm sorry to hear about your brother..I hope he's in a better place right now and I hope you and your family are holding up.. and congratulations on your recovery this made me happy for you, best of luck in strengthening your body you've got this! What I meant by warning sign is regarding mental health
Interesting thought Thanks for sharing!
I was raised Christian, was atheist/agnostic for a while and even ventured into solipsistic ideas. I have a 5 year old who hasn’t really been raised around religion. I was in deep despair one day contemplating the nature of existence and everything. My 5 year old comes over to me and say, “God is real, I think…”. I was shocked at what she said. I asked her why she said that. She didn’t respond. Maybe a few weeks later she comes up to me and tells me that she wants to protect me. Curious and surprised I ask her from what. She literally yells, “FROM KILLING YOURSELF!” Naturally I’m shocked and asked her why she said that. She said that she didn’t know. Maybe a week later, I went through something terrible. I was on a life path and was at a point where I genuinely was and believe that I would have killed myself one day. It dawned on me that it was a warning. After that, I decided to follow Christ. Honestly, I don’t have answers for why things are what they are, but I am convinced that Jesus is a Lord. I can love it. I can hate it. But all the same, I can’t deny it. I believe that God is forgiving and I’ll ultimately go to heaven and beyond this world is the spiritual realm
Thanks. Also I'd say like. 30%of the time or more each day or like focusing on either of them when you are awake for 50% of the time is a warning sign of needing to sort out mental health.
That's really interesting thank you for sharing! God bless your little angel, I believe that beyond this world is the spiritual realm as well but I'm Muslim Can you tell me about what heaven is like in Christianity?
What was your highest spiritual moment?
Here is a story that I posted on r/Christianity: I went down a dark hole and never want to go there again. I can’t deny it anymore. There is a God and he is Christ. I was raised Christian but strayed away. All of my life I’ve questioned things. I would often sway between agnostic/athirst. A few months ago I had a drug induced phychosis episode and went through a lot of delusions that caused me to believe in solipsistic ideas. Ideas that I was God and that reality was created by a greater consciousness that I was apart of. I felt like every other human on the planet was just another version of my soul, just living from different perspectives. I was obsessed and began to do so much research and mentally went down a rabbit hole. I would ask questions, ponder, come up with a answer that I felt was a readable conclusion, ask another question and go deeper. Repeat. I would think about this stuff all the time. I got more and more convinced that I was indeed God. However, I hit a certain point where I started hitting conclusions that began to truly horrify me to the point where if I continued it would drive me insane to the point of suicide. I almost had the biggest panic attack and freak out of my life today. Thinking about the gravity of my convulsions and the result of my rabbit hole at first brought me comfort but began to bring me unimaginable horror. You guys may think that I’m lying, but this is true. I have a 5 year old daughter. My wife and I don’t raise her in any sort of religion, but about a month ago when I was pondering and going deeper down the rabbit hole she came up to me and said, “God is real, I think.” I was shocked and asked her to repeat herself. She didn’t. Less than a week ago we were sitting and she looks over to me and says, “daddy, I want to protect you.” I was confused and asked her, “protect me from what,” to which she replied literally yelling, “FROM KILLING YOURSELF”. Despite this, I kept telling myself that I must be God. Ive lived a life of neglect and being told that I’m stupid and worthless from the time that i was a small child. I also deeply feared punishment, like eternal damnnation and felt that I had no control over my life in general. I guess the appeal was that if I was God, I indeed was important and essential. That all of the people in my life that hurt me, all of the imagined deities that I’ve been told want to punish me —that non of it mattered because I created the world. Nothing could hurt me anymore. So foolishly I ignored everything my daughter said for the most part. Today I was at work and was deep in my head and started going down my solipsistic rabbit hole and began to get deep enough where I came to some seriously horrifying conclusions to my mindset and its implications. I began to panic. I felt so afraid and horrified about what I thought that I discovered that I wanted to kill myself just to rid myself of this horrifying knowledge. I thought back to what my daughter said about me killing myself. Of course. I realized that I had been doing. I feel that I was being warned. If I continue down that road and rabbit hole, I would indeed die. I don’t believe in coincidences. This has to have been a warning and there has to be a true God. I’m now convinced that Christ must be Lord. I now believe. Thank you God for sparing me and please forgive me. I’ve taken so much for granted and I’m so thankful that I began to literally cry. Please keep me in your prayers, friends
I had a friend commit suicide by hanging. But we never figured just where in the woods he did. One day I brought a friend whose name was Brayden who never been to his death area. And he went past where I assumed he took his life and stood by a tall tree and looked up. He said “I feel it’s here” which suprised me as he’s not the spiritual type. Years later I went back with one of those ghost readers and almost immediately after arriving it went nuts it said one after the other “ Bend Below Brayden Straight Shock” This was a reference when Brayden stood below where his body was hanging and looked straight up. The shock was delayed by a second which I think was to reference my emotion when I read the reader. Craziest thing I have ever whitnesed so far
Thank you for sharing your story😊 Keep walking in faith🙏 And maybe see a psychologist for the panic attacks and the trauma from the psychosis❤️ I know how it feels. I also had a psychotic breakdown and it took a lot of effort to finally get me the help I needed. But without the psychosis, I wouldn't have come to the level of faith that I have today🙏❤️
Thank you, brother
What is your reactions when you see your ex is happy without you?
At first I felt a pit in my stomach but then I moved on
Fuck it, of course it’s a pity that she didn’t die somewhere in a ditch, but fuck it.
I don't care
I am happy for him. We both moved on, amicably, and remain friends to this day.
Good for her. Why would it bother me?
It hurts at first but then yunno you gotta move on
Good luck...
Good for her. I’m glad she finally found happiness, after creating misery for herself and everyone around her for years.
I'd actually really love that.
Neutral... don't care tbh. But I guess I'm glad things worked out for them
I want to say i would feel genuinely happy. But to be honest, one can't help feeling a deep sense of regret of what could have been. Still, the pain is comforting in some ways.
Good for her; why do I care? If you do, you haven't moved on.
Probably happy for them, but it's never happened. One of them is a grandmother at 32. The other 2 are meth heads that got their kids taken away
One of them just got engaged again. I'm excited for her! My wife has hung out with her and our friend group. Another one is married with kids. We usually chat once a year or so to see how our families are doing.
I hope they’re happy. I’ve moved on and hope they have as well.
What’s an opinion you have that you know is wrong?
That there are absolutely some things only men can do better than women. And That there are absolutely some things that only women are better at than men.
Women teachers shouldn't teach in all boys'schools.
The correct speed in which to drive is the speed I am driving. Everyone else is either a maniac driving too fast, or a grandma driving too slow.
I have a lot of time left to finish my stuffs
My employer, groups I work with, family, country can't possibly go on without me. Of course they can. But I act like they can't
The intersection of weed being legalized & Viagra going generic. Valhalla.....
That people are actually nice. /s
Am I the only one to think this is dumb? If I gain new information and learn my opinion is wrong, I change my opinion.
If I thought my opinion was wrong I wouldn't have it. Are there really people so stubborn that they know their opinion is wrong and are too prideful to change their thinking?
Not really an opinion but Cruise ships should not float. I know, science or whatever. But my brain cannot make sense of something that large staying in top of a bottomless ocean.
That men shouldn’t be gynecologists
Tell em to get in, buckle up and shut up
Gamers of Reddit, what’s the most horrifying thing you’ve endured in a game?
Having to wait two weeks for a developer to fix their fucking game in order to even play a third of it while Steam denied my refund requests. Last time I'll buy a triple A game at launch
That elevator section near the end of Max Payne with all the laser mines or whatever and one mistake is death and sends you back way earlier. Also the baby blood trail. Just.. most of Maxy Payne, frankly.
Attempting to make any progress in Bloodborne before eventually giving up for good.
Getting so close to beating original Super Mario Bros and the power went out.
Awe, I'm sorry. It's a truly fantastic game. Of course it's totally understandable if you're not interested, but is there any advice I might be able to offer that might help? I've beaten it a couple of times and it's one of my favorites.
Reverts, how did it feel when you went to the Mosque for the first time?
How to make 10,000$ per month in online?
Get a degree in software engineering and find a remote job that pays $120,000 a year.
Fraud
If you can't figure it out on your own then I doubt you'll ever get there, sorry.
There is only ONE answer to this question....OnlyFans.
Dream, otherwise it's not possible
Selling diet plans to overweight single mothers.
Day trade. But study for it first
Learn how to deliver a quality in-demand service, and build a nice portfolio website and ask for referrals from people within your industry. AI is already and will be the next bit thing, think about AI task automation for companies, for example in the SaaS industry.
I can tell you how, but you have to bring two friends first.
became a successful youtuber
Or selling tickets to Fyre Fest 2
No bro i am muslim
Thank but where i can study
Oil
YouTube resources are great! Have s look
What do you mean
OilFans
How often do you experience burn out and just need to lay in bed all day?
Experience it? Every day. Get to lay in bed all day? Never, unless I am deathly ill.
wish i could but i have to work from early morning
I don't feel burnout very often, but when I do it's usually because of school or other stressful situations. However, sometimes just taking a break and doing something fun can help alleviate the feeling.
About once every two weeks I have a do nothing day. Just play some games and watch some shows.
Every day
You've just described a depressed person who has no choice but to go to work everyday to support their family or themselves.
What is your biggest fear till now, you overcomed ?
It was a deep, irrational fear that doesn’t come from me but the devil.
One thing that scared me a lot was riding horses for the first time. It was such an exciting and terrifying experience at the same time! But now I love it and feel comfortable on horseback.
Racecar driving.
What companies hire work from home or what hobbies can you take up that earn money from home?
Mary Kay....enjoy the pyramid scheme
What is your common mood changer in unhappy situation?
going outside, walking a bit, scroll through reddit
When I'm in a bad mood, sometimes just taking some deep breaths and reminding myself of the things that make me happy can help lift my spirits. But also talking to friends or family about it can be really helpful too.
Honestly I'll just swallow it and/or vent to a friend later. I know things will get better when I try.
gym
write out a list of things i'm grateful for
I actually like to look up Bible verses for whatever I’m dealing with, however I’m feeling. Can usually find understanding and comfort through that. And it helps me think of a way forward. I also like to go on walks to think.
Beans.
Pets.
I go for a 3-4 hour walk to somewhere random, it just helps me calm down.
A picture of my boyfriend making an annoyed face.❤️ Always makes me laugh immediately.😂
Do a lil dance :3
Eating! Eating! Eating! It took me long to realize how this boosts my happiness.
Take a shower if you can, always feel better after a shower
Alcohol
Followed by a ASAP good fart !!!
What was your breaking point that finally made you leave your abuser?
I'm still in the am I being abused or am I crazy stage. I know this is probably offensive to abuse victims to say, but last night I thought for the first time, I wish he would just come in here and physically assault me so I could know and be done with this.
After the consent belittling and cheating we went home for Christmas and my mom and grandma could tell she had me trapped and drove the 18 hour round trip to grab my things so I could come home and get back on my feet. Once she seen that I was gone she tried to say I did unspeakable things and tried to hit her but all of my friends that she told me I couldn’t talk to and even my other ex came to my defence and she took everything down. It’s been 7 years now and to say I don’t trust women is an understatement.
My self worth was so defeated it took a gun to my head
The day he became so unashamed of his abuse that he threatened to kill me and the people I loved as I spoke on the phone with my mom. She heard everything. He knew she heard everything. He didn’t care. I was genuinely afraid that he was going to kill me but I figured it was better to die escaping in search of freedom than staying and dying with nothing but hopelessness.
The day it got physical.
he cheated on me, and after that eventually one day I just didn’t feel the way I used to anymore. I tried to get those feelings back, but they never came. I still miss him sometimes because of the trauma bond, but I don’t want to get back with him.
If you even have thoughts he’s abusing you just leave. You can’t fix/change people that don’t see they are the problem just walk away before you do get hurt, it might hurt to leave but it will be worth it once you’re out.
What’s the biggest problem with the education system?
The humanity should strive for more as a collective, and every individual should be encouraged to flourish on their own. Our current way of life is very trivial, it's always about money, money, money. If all of humanity would come together and work towards it, certain things would change, and one of the first things that humanity would need to address is to stop raising children as slaves
idk where to start from. there is just too much problems
There is no "real life" teaching. I'm 36 and was never taught how to pay bills, how to vote, budgeting, basic culinary skills. All learnt through being an adult.
Design.
As a teacher with a degree in education(specifically adolescent development) I feel like the biggest problem, at least in America, is how strict curriculum and administrators are; Teachers are experts and professionals but aren't treated like it in many ways. So much of the profession has become babysitting kids who's parents have honestly failed them at home. As a student my biggest problem was homework and I still stand by that homework sucks
Aside from the cost of higher education the majority of school doesn't give you the skills necessary to function as an adult in the world.
There is no "The Education System", are you talking about the US? UK? China? or some other country?
Not everyone fits into the same mold, you know? We need more flexibility and personalized learning to unleash everyone's full potential!
To me it is too rigid and cookie cutter and does not allow people's strengths to shine. For example: Let's say some kid had all of the qualities to become the best engineer - good math, spacial reasoning, problem solving, etc., but sucked at English. Bad English grades could potentially ruin his GPA and jeopardize his dream career? It's not as binary as we think of it: smart / not smart.
Teachers' salaries.
It’s underfunded, especially special education
The fact that it’s becoming more and more expensive, while the market becomes more and more saturated and the unemployment rate goes up.
…in what country? They’re vastly different across the globe.
There is a lot of useless curriculum or not enough focus on curriculum that teaches to practical application or building skills. Examples: Algebra isn’t overly useful to most jobs yet it’s pushed in HS and college. Finance, statistics, Economics, Excel, shop math would be much more useful to most people. Basic life skills, would be much more useful than a lot of topics we waste time on in schools. Also an over focus on college being the end outcome of high school and college being the path to a good career are also be problems with our education system.
Nobody wants to teach anymore. Teachers get blamed for everything and thrown under the bus for bad behavior from students and bad parents. Friend’s wife got her dream job of being a teacher. She quit after a few years because she got fed up with the parents taking sides with their crappy kids and threatening to take her job.
A lot of teachers just don't care about bullying or the students at all they just want to talk for 1-2 hour and move on to the next class..
"yOu JuSt DiDn'T pAy AtTeNtIoN iN cLaSs!" j/k. I hate when people say this... no, I paid attention, they just didn't really teach practical life skills.
Partially agree in that I want more practical stuff, but stuff like Algebra is pretty necessary, you need to know basic algebra to do things like STATs or ECON, but higher levels like CALC is really only needed in its specific filed. When it comes to college the reason it is pushed as the only good option is because it kinda is, there are alternatives, but in general college is something so useful for most people that it is worth pushing to everyone even if some end up not going
You know it’s they’re right?
\They're, maybe you need some "left-wing" education
All those facts and treating people equally does get pretty tiring if you just want people to act and speak how you think they should, huh?
Exactly! And coming from a dysfunctional family there was no hope of learning at home either
Basic algebra I agree but 2-3 years of it is overkill for most people, I also agree college can be an important tool for people but it’s not for everyone and its value vs money and time invested has become very unbalanced in the US. Personal experience which I know doesn’t necessarily mean it would apply broadly, I have six extremely close friends from High school, we are in our early 40s now, two of them went to college four of us did not, the top two earners in our group did not go to college. Of the two that did one is in a field that didn’t require a degree to be fair he is the third top earner and the other college graduate is the fourth. Also the other college grad is also in a field that did not require a degree and his degree is not directly tied to the field he’s in. Did college help them, I’m sure it did, did the cost and time invested give them a meaningful ROI. At this point I’m not sure it did. These two guys are by far the most educated and even in high school probably the most intelligent but following the path that was pushed at our school which was college didn’t equate success or the leg up that’s implied it should have brought them. So in my experience agin that by know means it’s a universal truth I just haven’t seen significantly better outcomes from degree attainment, and while I use my friends as examples they aren’t the only ones, I’ve seen similar outcomes from similar peers my age and my only family. So I guess I partially agree with you as well but still stand by my previous statements.
On the bright side, it's great now that we have access to the internet, we can learn pretty much anything online. There are entire YouTube videos that can teach you things like automotive repair or home improvement, cooking, you name it!
Facts have a liberal bias they say
Oh absolutely!!! All problems are solved through "some dude on YouTube"
What face would you really have wanted to see staring up at Luke after Darth Vader took off the mask?
James Earl Jones The only proper answer.
Gilbert Gottfried or Bobcat Goldthwait
Pee Wee Herman. That would have been hilarious.
Barf from Space Balls.
OJ Simpson
How about Leonard Nimoy? That would certainly piss off a lot of people
Kermit the Frog
Obi-Wan Once the mask falls, they play it back - Fight Club Style - and you realize Ben and Anakin were always the same person. He sends Luke and Leia across the galaxy from one another, and sets up a hideout on Tatooine for when his Imeprial duties overwhelm his light-side. He watches his son growing up and it reminds of him of a happier time with Padme, before they killed her. He is torn between love and rage for Luke. He also struggles with how to instruct Luke in the force, so he delays making contact until Luke seeks him out. Knowing he has to keep his dark-side a secret, he sends Luke to the Death Star, and immediately splits up, so he can take back on his persona of Darth Vader. Mentally he knows cannot continue his battle between dark and light, so he has to make a choice, and chooses the dark side due to his desire to resurrect Padme. He stages Ben getting killed so he doesn't have to try and be in two places at the same time. Luke slowly realizes all of this as he is staring into the eyes of his mentor, >!and father!<.
Rusty Lee
Verne Troyer
Rick Moranis
Mo Howard
Alfred Hitchcock.
Handsome Squidward
For this to be answered scientifically, is not possible. You will have to interview millions of people.
Holy shit, imagine Vader takes his helmet off and when his voice changer turns off, he just sounds like Gilbert Gottfried
Rodney Dangerfield
Mid-spit take.
# IFINDYOURLACKOFFAITHDISTURBING!
"Luke, I get no respect at all!"
What are some alternative careers for a Firefighter/Paramedic to move to?
I made the switch from Ff/EMT to radiology. Otherwise Anesthesia tech or respiratory therapy have a fair amount of crossover.
The field that would bring you/them the most joy.
Male model.
Attorney for injured people.
Anything you're into
My father was a cop for 35 years and moved into working as a safety guy for a construction company he’s never been happier with his line of work. My mother was a paramedic for 20 years and made the switch to an office position where she reviews ems calls and passes students so they can start into the field. She was so sick of having shit co workers she literally took matters into her own hands to get the bad ones out. My friend who was a firefighter hated dealing with mainly people ODing so he now does fire safety for an airport. There’s lots of jobs that can make you happier and sometimes even more money so don’t be afraid to job hop to find out what’s right for you. It took me till I was 23 to find out that I want to run heavy equipment and Ive had the opportunity to meet loads of people and some of them didn’t find out what job the wanted todo till they were mid 30’s. More important to be happy with your work so you aren’t a miserable prick at home.
How about arsonist or serial killer? Oh wait, you're serious. Can't help you. I'm just trying to be funny. Maybe a comedian? Now probably not.
Professional cat rescuer from trees, no fire truck required.
What do you do if someone close to you starts ignoring you? How would you respond?
depends, if it is a man, i would confront him, women idc
I think ask for clarity that it doesn’t have to do with you or something you can help with. If it’s not involving you sometimes it’s just what people need to do in phases of life. You don’t know what other multitudes of issues or struggles they are going through but to send them a comforting text of “thinking of you. Here if you need anything and don’t worry if you can’t respond” maybe ever week or every other week depending on how much you guys were communicating before
Ignore him or her as well
Take the hint, leave them be and move on
I used to try to reach out multiple times (if it’s a really close friend) and ask for clarity on if something’s wrong or going on. But with the amount of times it’s happened, I’ve learnt that it’s not worth the mental stress. If they don’t want to stay in touch, there’s nothing you can do other than to accept and try to move on.
depends on who. if they have a bad temper, im waiting for the bomb to go off and overthinking into oblivion. if they dont have a bad temper, ill overthink and try to ask what i did wrong.
I would ask if I'd done something to offend them.
If it was my wife I would ask what's going on, anyone else I would welcome one less person to deal with.
If your friendship meant anything to them they would talk about what the problem is if they're just ignoring you it doesn't mean as much to them as it means to you and you shouldn't pursue it.
Define someone close
I signed the divorce papers
We talk alot, but she's started just started ignoring me since monday, she's literally my bestfriend
Like bestfriend
Men and boys of Reddit, would you be okay with an ugly girlfriend/ consider dating an ugly girl? Why or why not?
Nope. Physical attraction isn't everything, but it matters. Anyone who says it doesn't is lying their ass off.
Definetly a no. Nobody would really commit themselves properly to a relationship where they don’t find their partner attractive.
Here’s the thing. Beauty is subjective. If somebody loves someone they think that someone is beautiful. You can’t just label someone as ugly or not because to some they may be ugly to others they are the most beautiful person ever. If you actively think someone is ugly then you shouldn’t date them because you will never actually love them.
no, because I don't need to, and there are plenty of nice good looking people out there.
Anybody that says looks do not matter is either a liar or a person who has no other options… Faces are not a massive deal to me but I wouldn’t date somebody that I don’t think looks good naked.
Anyone u would want to be with isn’t ugly to u anyway, and we all end up ugly in the end so it doesn’t really matter as long as ur happy
I love the flaws in women, maybe it’s because I’m older , but I grew bored of perfect looking women .
personality>>>appearance
Ugly is subjective, like honestly plain maybe chubby woman sure. That kinda hasn't showered in days and has meth teeth no, not a chance I'll judge that book by its cover. Like if a woman had like a horrific burn scar I wouldn't hold it against them.
Depends on what constitutes "ugly". You could be a 10/10 in looks, but if you're an insufferable person to be around...
Sure. "Not being a bitch" is basically my only requirement.
Yes. I've done it before. It's all about the entire package IMO.
Been there, done that. Not again...
This
What’s it called when someone is slightly attracted to mentally unstable liberal white women?
it just means you have a type.
“COD Veteran Mode”
It's called a preference
They usually seem to be more compassionate and patient than most so maybe that’s what you’re looking for.
Why only slightly?
Karen's husband.
Sounds like you like being submissive to dominate women.
Sounds like Hallmark Channel romance.
If I speak I will get banned
It’s called living in the northeast
How mentally unstable? Loud and annoying? Stabby Stabby?
Compassionate and patient are definitely not words I'd associate with a mentally unstable liberal white woman.
A little crazy is always good. No?
Or maybe am a cannibal
I promise I won’t tell
If I was in the West Coast, I’ll still be slightly attracted to mentally unstable white liberal women. Geography is not a factor here
Which is the common ones these days?
Its a great preference. In my experience the only women better in bed are deeply repressed conservatives…
Don’t get me started on those. Am glad am not a playboy like before or else I’ll be breaking hearts and relationships left and right
what's your families dark secret?
My dad joined a cult and then had a yearlong affair and wanted to move the other woman in to be his second wife. Woo...
my father sells things
Nice try, FBI.
my parents are actually related by blood
We've all seen each other naked. Some more frequently than others.
Exactly
“My families biggest secret is they love the government too much. It doesn’t matter who’s in power either, they just love the status quo and capitalism in general”
That's nothing terrible, I mean it's family, whatever. I went to the Sauna with my parents (Sauna nude and mixed in my country), no biggie.
When was the last time you had a "It was better before" moment and what was it?
Every single time I visit the grocery store, not only for the inflated prices, but for shrinkflation as well.
bojangles. it was better before i liked it
When I went to a bar and got drugged. Preferred not being traumatised and scared to go out by myself
Right now. To get depressing, within three weeks I've been told I'm an orphan, thrown into the foster care system, and I'm pretty much the only one getting things done (funeral arrangements, cleaning out my house, finding a place for my animals to go, etc.) all while still being in high school. It genuinely could be worse, considering that I do have people and I'm at a place that's good (I'm also not being thrown around like you may think when thinking about the foster care system). However, things still need to be done and I haven't been able to slow down and actually mourn my mom (who I was extremely close with, and singlehandedly raised me while working dead-end jobs to make ends meet). If I'm not doing something about all this, I'm either at school or laying in bed thinking that it's not going to get better. Sure, we were at the poverty line living in this shitty house surrounded by drug addicts, but at least I felt happy TL;DR: I'm depressed because I miss my deceased mother, who I've yet to mourn because I'm in charge of doing almost everything despite being a teenager
That's rough... So sorry! I hope you have someone you can talk to about this (That isn't just Reddit.. although It's good to have Reddit too!)
What is an acceptable reason to justify self-harm?
If it'll save your life like the guy who had to cut off his own arm to save his life. The movie is called "127 Hours".
Are you okay, mate?
My body, my choice.
Technically piercings, tattoos and most other types of body modification would count as self harm so I suppose those?
I hope you’re doing okay mentally.
Tattoos?
last days i cut my hand with a piece of glass because i wanted it to hurt me. i think im going crazy
I’d say if it stopped you hurting others it’d be justifiable
Ever see the Saw movies?
If you cannot come up with a good reason not to hurt yourself there's probably not anything I can say to convince you otherwise.
There isn’t one unless it’s a life or death situation where doing so will save your life. If you are hurting please seek help. Self harm is a dangerous thing.
someone felt like harming themselves? that’s justifiable enough?
If your eye(s) are swollen from a black eye causing your eyes to be almost shut. You can make a small incision to make the blood flow out and relieve the pressure and be able to see again.
if you are a terrorist or a rapist
Is that the movie about the climber that's based on a true story?
Interesting, What if someone uses SH as means to punish themselves and to keep them from commit suicide? Does that belongs to the same catagory of saving their life?
Thanks for asking mate. Going through a rough patch for last couple years after loosing my Mom, Dad, Wife and Son.
I share this mindset now.
I don't believe I'm in a position to say this but still...I hope you're doing well now, Loosing control might be more dangerous than hurting, You are not going crazy as long as you're in control of what you are deciding to do.
No it isn't
I‘m so sorry for your loss! I wish you good luck and don’t give up.
You have an acceptable reason.
What is the best way to deal with disrespectful arrogant younger sibling?
Maybe you don't deserve respect
define disrespectful. if you are trying to boss them around they have every right to be.
is your younger sibling, you’ll be fine
Hit ‘em in the mouth. FAFO
FART WAR!
I have one too. They tend to have a moody mind. The more you are yelling/scolding the more he doesn't listen. You should be the first one to calm down. And talk him out to do the thing you want. They also tend to have an innocent and simple mind.
depends on their age
You can’t. Just hope that they grow out of it.
Outsource your sibling to a grandma for attitude adjustment.
Slap them
That's the dumbest and arrogant thing I read
Do you accept that your little brother raises his voice at you.not listing to you and being all around an a$$hole?
I do not want to resort to violence even though he forces me to do so.
Imma have to deal with my parents then. And they're always on hes side
No they have a point. My older sister bullied me and would cut my clothes up when I wasn’t around, punch me, held a knife to my neck. And when I acted out, my parents asked me why I didn’t respect her. How old are you? Someone more mature would understand what they meant by that
Isn't a question about maturity. People who think can treat bad someone who treated them bad have any self control ant think vengeance is OK. If everyone take eye for eye. There's gonna be a room full of blind people
Vengeance is the most immature and self centered thing someone can do. I can't just cut someone leg because some moron stepped my feet. You don't need to love a person you dislike, just treat whit respect like an basic human being
That’s pleasing someone who is mentally abusive. Someone who is constantly disrespecting you even if you’re respecting them is abuse. You don’t have to be nice to everyone. It doesn’t mean be mean either. It’s just that not everyone deserves your respect. I’m not going to hold the door for someone who slammed it in my face. I’m not going to slam it in there’s. I just wont hold it. It’s simple. And we’re talking about siblings. Children at that. Siblings don’t have to always get along. Otherwise they’ll never learn how to solve conflict.
You don't need to like the person or get along whit them. People confuse just don't be vengeful to hug a person that slapped their face. You can simply avoid them or talk about them to an authority. That's not being lovable to someone that's mistreated you, it's being superior to them.
What is a weird or bad dental experience you have had?
Couldn't stop laughing at the dentist trying to yank my tooth out.
Not me but a friend. She was a police officer at the time and she was sedated for a procedure. She thought something was wrong and that something happened. Some women came forward and my friend was questioned by detectives from her agency. Dentist was charged with numerous sexual assault type charges, convicted and disbarred. Or whatever the terminology is for dentists. Not sure how much time he served as this was back in the 90's.
Waking up 2/3 through the procedure to get my wisdom teeth taken out. As I'm regaining consciousness but still delirious and confused, I hear, "Hey, I think the patient's coming to and feels that! Let's see if he feels this!" I white-knuckled the chair, then got more anesthesia.
I was a child and my dentist just stopped using gloves to do procedures and evaluations. It was fucking weird and I felt uncomfortable. He retired shortly after he started it though.
they "accidentally" pulled out the wrong tooth, without anesthesia
This implies that people have good dental experiences. 😳
Was getting a root canal done and when he numbed the area my vision quadrupled. I saw everything in fours for about 5 minutes. It was very scary. It was a tooth all the way in the back so it must’ve hit a nerve connected to my eye.
Not sure if orthodontia applies, but I had to have an expander bar on my upper teeth. It’s a bar that attaches to your molars, with a screw in the middle. My mom had to turn the screw twice a day and it pushed my molars apart, spreading my jaw, literally restructuring my skull. Yes, it sucked. Massively.
I knocked the drill off the table getting into the chair when I was 9 and the dentist scolded me, then said the bit was broken and then used the bit to do my fillings.
They were putting me under and the last thing I saw was the dentist unzipping his pants
What was the most difficult thing you got from your family in your life?
The gift of life.
Life is indeed a precious gift, filled with endless possibilities and experiences to cherish.
“Will you be my girlfriend” vs Card an I be your boyfriend”.. which sounds better?
Sorry I don't speak Card an I
i guess "Can i be your boyfriend?" sounds better. Hopefully she says Yes 💕
I was rejected in both phrases so I don't know
Can I be your boyfriend
2nd one
I think if the choice of these phrases is the difference between a yes or a no, you should dodge this bullet, fam.
"Card an I" sounds like there are financial interests involved, so I really prefer the other one.
2e but you can also just date and at some point you 2 are just a couple.
Card an I, they’ll think your having a stroke
I'd rather offend her straight away before entering a relationship than after...
